every student helped, the student's guest.	every student	the student
every artist painted, the artist's collection.	every artist	the artist
every chef cooked, the chef's project.	every chef	the chef
every dancer impressed, the dancer's protégé.	every dancer	the dancer
every writer inspired, the writer's client.	every writer	the writer
every athlete trained, the athlete's manuscript.	every athlete	the athlete
every musician composed, the musician's photoshoot.	every musician	the musician
every doctor treated, the doctor's followers.	every doctor	the doctor
every scientist discovered, the scientist's beat.	every scientist	the scientist
every driver drove, the driver's team.	every driver	the driver
every teacher educated, the teacher's space.	every teacher	the teacher
every gardener planted, the gardener's portfolio.	every gardener	the gardener
every engineer designed, the engineer's client.	every engineer	the engineer
every actor performed, the actor's outfit.	every actor	the actor
every photographer captured, the photographer's funds.	every photographer	the photographer
every librarian organized, the librarian's till.	every librarian	the librarian
every banker invested, the banker's customer.	every banker	the banker
every tailor sewed, the tailor's film.	every tailor	the tailor
every pilot flew, the pilot's peer.	every pilot	the pilot
every lawyer defended, the lawyer's self-portrait.	every lawyer	the lawyer
every architect designed, the architect's own.	every architect	the architect
every chef cooked, the chef's audience.	every chef	the chef
every nurse cared for, the nurse's readers.	every nurse	the nurse
every farmer harvested, the farmer's partner.	every farmer	the farmer
every plumber fixed, the plumber's symphony.	every plumber	the plumber
every cashier counted, the cashier's patient.	every cashier	the cashier
every painter painted, the painter's breakthrough.	every painter	the painter
every therapist counseled, the therapist's vehicle.	every therapist	the therapist
every singer sang to, the singer's students.	every singer	the singer
every firefighter rescued, the firefighter's flowers.	every firefighter	the firefighter
every fisherman caught, the fisherman's structure.	every fisherman	the fisherman
every bartender served, the bartender's role.	every bartender	the bartender
every waiter served, the waiter's moment.	every waiter	the waiter
every cashier counted, the cashier's collection.	every cashier	the cashier
every receptionist greeted, the receptionist's funds.	every receptionist	the receptionist
every athlete trained, the athlete's garment.	every athlete	the athlete
every journalist reported on, the journalist's aircraft.	every journalist	the journalist
every soldier fought, the soldier's client.	every soldier	the soldier
every scientist researched, the scientist's blueprint.	every scientist	the scientist
every musician played for, the musician's dish.	every musician	the musician
every dancer danced for, the dancer's patient.	every dancer	the dancer
every explorer discovered, the explorer's crops.	every explorer	the explorer
every manager managed, the manager's pipes.	every manager	the manager
every coach trained, the coach's money.	every coach	the coach
every cleaner cleaned, the cleaner's canvas.	every cleaner	the cleaner
every politician campaigned for, the politician's patient.	every politician	the politician
every driver drove, the driver's audience.	every driver	the driver
every gamer played against, the gamer's comrade.	every gamer	the gamer
every analyst analyzed, the analyst's fish.	every analyst	the analyst
every CEO led, the CEO's drink.	every CEO	the CEO
every receptionist greeted, the receptionist's table.	every receptionist	the receptionist
every librarian organized, the librarian's change.	every librarian	the librarian
every programmer coded for, the programmer's visitor.	every programmer	the programmer
every mentor mentored, the mentor's teammate.	every mentor	the mentor
every consultant advised, the consultant's story.	every consultant	the consultant
every editor edited, the editor's enemy.	every editor	the editor
every model posed for, the model's topic.	every model	the model
every influencer influenced, the influencer's fans.	every influencer	the influencer
every officer patrolled, the officer's troupe.	every officer	the officer
every coach coached, the coach's path.	every coach	the coach
every cleaner cleaned, the cleaner's team.	every cleaner	the cleaner
every artist created for, the artist's players.	every artist	the artist
every designer designed for, the designer's space.	every designer	the designer
every stylist styled, the stylist's election.	every stylist	the stylist
every banker invested, the banker's route.	every banker	the banker
every cashier counted, the cashier's opponent.	every cashier	the cashier
every clerk assisted, the clerk's data.	every clerk	the clerk
every director directed, the director's company.	every director	the director
every producer produced for, the producer's show.	every producer	the producer
every writer wrote for, the writer's publication.	every writer	the writer
every journalist reported on, the journalist's story.	every journalist	the journalist
every critic critiqued, the critic's review.	every critic	the critic
every developer developed for, the developer's application.	every developer	the developer
every entrepreneur founded, the entrepreneur's startup.	every entrepreneur	the entrepreneur
every host hosted, the host's event.	every host	the host
every CEO led, the CEO's company.	every CEO	the CEO
every manager managed, the manager's department.	every manager	the manager
every salesperson sold to, the salesperson's customer.	every salesperson	the salesperson
every marketer marketed for, the marketer's campaign.	every marketer	the marketer
every intern interned for, the intern's supervisor.	every intern	the intern
every analyst analyzed, the analyst's data.	every analyst	the analyst
every researcher researched, the researcher's topic.	every researcher	the researcher
every scientist researched, the scientist's experiment.	every scientist	the scientist
every professor taught, the professor's class.	every professor	the professor
every student studied, the student's subject.	every student	the student
every doctor treated, the doctor's patient.	every doctor	the doctor
every nurse cared for, the nurse's patient.	every nurse	the nurse
every therapist counseled, the therapist's client.	every therapist	the therapist
every patient consulted, the patient's doctor.	every patient	the patient
every therapist counseled, the therapist's client.	every therapist	the therapist
every patient consulted, the patient's doctor.	every patient	the patient
every client consulted, the client's advisor.	every client	the client
every attorney represented, the attorney's client.	every attorney	the attorney
every defendant defended, the defendant's case.	every defendant	the defendant
every judge judged, the judge's trial.	every judge	the judge
every witness testified for, the witness's case.	every witness	the witness
every researcher researched, the researcher's hypothesis.	every researcher	the researcher
every participant participated for, the participant's study.	every participant	the participant
every volunteer volunteered for, the volunteer's cause.	every volunteer	the volunteer
every donor donated to, the donor's charity.	every donor	the donor
