the student helped, Johnson.	the student	Johnson
the artist painted, Smith.	the artist	Smith
the chef cooked, Brown.	the chef	Brown
the dancer impressed, Davis.	the dancer	Davis
the writer inspired, Miller.	the writer	Miller
the athlete trained, Wilson.	the athlete	Wilson
the musician composed, Moore.	the musician	Moore
the doctor treated, Taylor.	the doctor	Taylor
the scientist discovered, Anderson.	the scientist	Anderson
the driver drove, Thomas.	the driver	Thomas
the teacher educated, Jackson.	the teacher	Jackson
the gardener planted, White.	the gardener	White
the engineer designed, Harris.	the engineer	Harris
the actor performed, Martin.	the actor	Martin
the photographer captured, Thompson.	the photographer	Thompson
the librarian organized, Martinez.	the librarian	Martinez
the banker invested, Garcia.	the banker	Garcia
the tailor sewed, Robinson.	the tailor	Robinson
the pilot flew, Clark.	the pilot	Clark
the lawyer defended, Rodriguez.	the lawyer	Rodriguez
the architect designed, Lewis.	the architect	Lewis
the chef cooked, Lee.	the chef	Lee
the nurse cared for, Walker.	the nurse	Walker
the farmer harvested, Hall.	the farmer	Hall
the plumber fixed, Allen.	the plumber	Allen
the cashier counted, Young.	the cashier	Young
the painter painted, King.	the painter	King
the therapist counseled, Wright.	the therapist	Wright
the singer sang to, Scott.	the singer	Scott
the firefighter rescued, Green.	the firefighter	Green
the fisherman caught, Adams.	the fisherman	Adams
the bartender served, Baker.	the bartender	Baker
the waiter served, Gonzalez.	the waiter	Gonzalez
the cashier counted, Nelson.	the cashier	Nelson
the receptionist greeted, Carter.	the receptionist	Carter
the athlete trained, Mitchell.	the athlete	Mitchell
the journalist reported on, Perez.	the journalist	Perez
the soldier fought, Roberts.	the soldier	Roberts
the scientist researched, Turner.	the scientist	Turner
the musician played for, Phillips.	the musician	Phillips
the dancer danced for, Campbell.	the dancer	Campbell
the explorer discovered, Parker.	the explorer	Parker
the manager managed, Evans.	the manager	Evans
the coach trained, Edwards.	the coach	Edwards
the cleaner cleaned, Collins.	the cleaner	Collins
the politician campaigned for, Stewart.	the politician	Stewart
the driver drove, Sanchez.	the driver	Sanchez
the gamer played against, Morris.	the gamer	Morris
the analyst analyzed, Rogers.	the analyst	Rogers
the CEO led, Cook.	the CEO	Cook
the receptionist greeted, Reed.	the receptionist	Reed
the librarian organized, Morgan.	the librarian	Morgan
the programmer coded for, Bell.	the programmer	Bell
the mentor mentored, Cooper.	the mentor	Cooper
the consultant advised, Richardson.	the consultant	Richardson
the editor edited, Cox.	the editor	Cox
the model posed for, Howard.	the model	Howard
the influencer influenced, Ward.	the influencer	Ward
the officer patrolled, Torres.	the officer	Torres
the coach coached, Peterson.	the coach	Peterson
the cleaner cleaned, Gray.	the cleaner	Gray
the artist created for, Ramirez.	the artist	Ramirez
the designer designed for, James.	the designer	James
the stylist styled, Watson.	the stylist	Watson
the banker invested, Brooks.	the banker	Brooks
the cashier counted, Kelly.	the cashier	Kelly
the clerk assisted, Sanders.	the clerk	Sanders
the director directed, Price.	the director	Price
the producer produced for, Bennett.	the producer	Bennett
the writer wrote for, Wood.	the writer	Wood
the journalist reported on, Barnes.	the journalist	Barnes
the critic critiqued, Ross.	the critic	Ross
the developer developed for, Henderson.	the developer	Henderson
the entrepreneur founded, Coleman.	the entrepreneur	Coleman
the host hosted, Jenkins.	the host	Jenkins
the CEO led, Perry.	the CEO	Perry
the manager managed, Powell.	the manager	Powell
the salesperson sold to, Long.	the salesperson	Long
the marketer marketed for, Patterson.	the marketer	Patterson
the intern interned for, Hughes.	the intern	Hughes
the analyst analyzed, Flores.	the analyst	Flores
the researcher researched, Washington.	the researcher	Washington
the scientist researched, Butler.	the scientist	Butler
the professor taught, Johnson.	the professor	Johnson
the student studied, Martinez.	the student	Martinez
the doctor treated, Robinson.	the doctor	Robinson
the nurse cared for, Thompson.	the nurse	Thompson
the therapist counseled, Clark.	the therapist	Clark
the patient consulted, Rodriguez.	the patient	Rodriguez
the therapist counseled, Lewis.	the therapist	Lewis
the patient consulted, Lee.	the patient	Lee
the client consulted, Walker.	the client	Walker
the attorney represented, Hall.	the attorney	Hall
the defendant defended, Allen.	the defendant	Allen
the judge judged, Young.	the judge	Young
the witness testified for, King.	the witness	King
the researcher researched, Wright.	the researcher	Wright
the participant participated for, Green.	the participant	Green
the volunteer volunteered for, Adams.	the volunteer	Adams
the donor donated to, Baker.	the donor	Baker
