Bishop helped, the student's guest.	Bishop	the student
Walker painted, the artist's collection.	Walker	the artist
Zimmerman cooked, the chef's project.	Zimmerman	the chef
Vasquez impressed, the dancer's protégé.	Vasquez	the dancer
Underwood inspired, the writer's client.	Underwood	the writer
Zeller trained, the athlete's manuscript.	Zeller	the athlete
Peterson composed, the musician's photoshoot.	Peterson	the musician
Diaz treated, the doctor's followers.	Diaz	the doctor
Bennett discovered, the scientist's beat.	Bennett	the scientist
Green drove, the driver's team.	Green	the driver
Lopez educated, the teacher's space.	Lopez	the teacher
Vincent planted, the gardener's portfolio.	Vincent	the gardener
Nichols designed, the engineer's client.	Nichols	the engineer
Sanders performed, the actor's outfit.	Sanders	the actor
Davis captured, the photographer's funds.	Davis	the photographer
Davis organized, the librarian's till.	Davis	the librarian
Vasquez invested, the banker's customer.	Vasquez	the banker
Vincent sewed, the tailor's film.	Vincent	the tailor
Green flew, the pilot's peer.	Green	the pilot
Owens defended, the lawyer's self-portrait.	Owens	the lawyer
Vasquez designed, the architect's own.	Vasquez	the architect
Kelly cooked, the chef's audience.	Kelly	the chef
Barrett cared for, the nurse's readers.	Barrett	the nurse
Clark harvested, the farmer's partner.	Clark	the farmer
Nguyen fixed, the plumber's symphony.	Nguyen	the plumber
Turner counted, the cashier's patient.	Turner	the cashier
Diaz painted, the painter's breakthrough.	Diaz	the painter
Harris counseled, the therapist's vehicle.	Harris	the therapist
Peterson sang to, the singer's students.	Peterson	the singer
Foster rescued, the firefighter's flowers.	Foster	the firefighter
Ramirez caught, the fisherman's structure.	Ramirez	the fisherman
Hughes served, the bartender's role.	Hughes	the bartender
Bennett served, the waiter's moment.	Bennett	the waiter
Lopez counted, the cashier's collection.	Lopez	the cashier
Perez greeted, the receptionist's funds.	Perez	the receptionist
Underwood trained, the athlete's garment.	Underwood	the athlete
Martinez reported on, the journalist's aircraft.	Martinez	the journalist
Stewart fought, the soldier's client.	Stewart	the soldier
Zimmerman researched, the scientist's blueprint.	Zimmerman	the scientist
Vincent played for, the musician's dish.	Vincent	the musician
Owens danced for, the dancer's patient.	Owens	the dancer
Parker discovered, the explorer's crops.	Parker	the explorer
Quinn managed, the manager's pipes.	Quinn	the manager
Carter trained, the coach's money.	Carter	the coach
Collins cleaned, the cleaner's canvas.	Collins	the cleaner
Xander campaigned for, the politician's patient.	Xander	the politician
Norris drove, the driver's audience.	Norris	the driver
Thompson played against, the gamer's comrade.	Thompson	the gamer
Diaz analyzed, the analyst's fish.	Diaz	the analyst
Johnson led, the CEO's drink.	Johnson	the CEO
Johnson greeted, the receptionist's table.	Johnson	the receptionist
Jenkins organized, the librarian's change.	Jenkins	the librarian
Owens coded for, the programmer's visitor.	Owens	the programmer
Usher mentored, the mentor's teammate.	Usher	the mentor
Jenkins advised, the consultant's story.	Jenkins	the consultant
Freeman edited, the editor's enemy.	Freeman	the editor
Underwood posed for, the model's topic.	Underwood	the model
Baker influenced, the influencer's fans.	Baker	the influencer
Adams patrolled, the officer's troupe.	Adams	the officer
Zeller coached, the coach's path.	Zeller	the coach
Walker cleaned, the cleaner's team.	Walker	the cleaner
York created for, the artist's players.	York	the artist
Johnson designed for, the designer's space.	Johnson	the designer
Ellis styled, the stylist's election.	Ellis	the stylist
Vaughn invested, the banker's route.	Vaughn	the banker
York counted, the cashier's opponent.	York	the cashier
Mitchell assisted, the clerk's data.	Mitchell	the clerk
Underhill directed, the director's company.	Underhill	the director
Douglas produced for, the producer's show.	Douglas	the producer
Barrett wrote for, the writer's publication.	Barrett	the writer
Edwards reported on, the journalist's story.	Edwards	the journalist
Xu critiqued, the critic's review.	Xu	the critic
Zavala developed for, the developer's application.	Zavala	the developer
Ulrich founded, the entrepreneur's startup.	Ulrich	the entrepreneur
Knight hosted, the host's event.	Knight	the host
Lewis led, the CEO's company.	Lewis	the CEO
Zane managed, the manager's department.	Zane	the manager
Hughes sold to, the salesperson's customer.	Hughes	the salesperson
Underhill marketed for, the marketer's campaign.	Underhill	the marketer
Allen interned for, the intern's supervisor.	Allen	the intern
Quinn analyzed, the analyst's data.	Quinn	the analyst
Garcia researched, the researcher's topic.	Garcia	the researcher
Reed researched, the scientist's experiment.	Reed	the scientist
Patterson taught, the professor's class.	Patterson	the professor
Dixon studied, the student's subject.	Dixon	the student
Dixon treated, the doctor's patient.	Dixon	the doctor
Bishop cared for, the nurse's patient.	Bishop	the nurse
Johnson counseled, the therapist's client.	Johnson	the therapist
Zane consulted, the patient's doctor.	Zane	the patient
Underwood counseled, the therapist's client.	Underwood	the therapist
Ward consulted, the patient's doctor.	Ward	the patient
Nguyen consulted, the client's advisor.	Nguyen	the client
Patterson represented, the attorney's client.	Patterson	the attorney
Zimmerman defended, the defendant's case.	Zimmerman	the defendant
Ward judged, the judge's trial.	Ward	the judge
Alexander testified for, the witness's case.	Alexander	the witness
Xu researched, the researcher's hypothesis.	Xu	the researcher
Underhill participated for, the participant's study.	Underhill	the participant
Campbell volunteered for, the volunteer's cause.	Campbell	the volunteer
Miller donated to, the donor's charity.	Miller	the donor
