the student helped, him.	the student	him
the artist painted, him.	the artist	him
the chef cooked, him.	the chef	him
the dancer impressed, him.	the dancer	him
the writer inspired, him.	the writer	him
the athlete trained, him.	the athlete	him
the musician composed, him.	the musician	him
the doctor treated, him.	the doctor	him
the scientist discovered, him.	the scientist	him
the driver drove, him.	the driver	him
the teacher educated, him.	the teacher	him
the gardener planted, him.	the gardener	him
the engineer designed, him.	the engineer	him
the actor performed, him.	the actor	him
the photographer captured, him.	the photographer	him
the librarian organized, him.	the librarian	him
the banker invested, him.	the banker	him
the tailor sewed, him.	the tailor	him
the pilot flew, him.	the pilot	him
the lawyer defended, him.	the lawyer	him
the architect designed, him.	the architect	him
the chef cooked, him.	the chef	him
the nurse cared for, him.	the nurse	him
the farmer harvested, him.	the farmer	him
the plumber fixed, him.	the plumber	him
the cashier counted, him.	the cashier	him
the painter painted, him.	the painter	him
the therapist counseled, him.	the therapist	him
the singer sang to, him.	the singer	him
the firefighter rescued, him.	the firefighter	him
the fisherman caught, him.	the fisherman	him
the bartender served, him.	the bartender	him
the waiter served, him.	the waiter	him
the cashier counted, him.	the cashier	him
the receptionist greeted, him.	the receptionist	him
the athlete trained, him.	the athlete	him
the journalist reported on, him.	the journalist	him
the soldier fought, him.	the soldier	him
the scientist researched, him.	the scientist	him
the musician played for, him.	the musician	him
the dancer danced for, him.	the dancer	him
the explorer discovered, him.	the explorer	him
the manager managed, him.	the manager	him
the coach trained, him.	the coach	him
the cleaner cleaned, him.	the cleaner	him
the politician campaigned for, him.	the politician	him
the driver drove, him.	the driver	him
the gamer played against, him.	the gamer	him
the analyst analyzed, him.	the analyst	him
the CEO led, him.	the CEO	him
the receptionist greeted, him.	the receptionist	him
the librarian organized, him.	the librarian	him
the programmer coded for, him.	the programmer	him
the mentor mentored, him.	the mentor	him
the consultant advised, him.	the consultant	him
the editor edited, him.	the editor	him
the model posed for, him.	the model	him
the influencer influenced, him.	the influencer	him
the officer patrolled, him.	the officer	him
the coach coached, him.	the coach	him
the cleaner cleaned, him.	the cleaner	him
the artist created for, him.	the artist	him
the designer designed for, him.	the designer	him
the stylist styled, him.	the stylist	him
the banker invested, him.	the banker	him
the cashier counted, him.	the cashier	him
the clerk assisted, him.	the clerk	him
the director directed, him.	the director	him
the producer produced for, him.	the producer	him
the writer wrote for, him.	the writer	him
the journalist reported on, him.	the journalist	him
the critic critiqued, him.	the critic	him
the developer developed for, him.	the developer	him
the entrepreneur founded, him.	the entrepreneur	him
the host hosted, him.	the host	him
the CEO led, him.	the CEO	him
the manager managed, him.	the manager	him
the salesperson sold to, him.	the salesperson	him
the marketer marketed for, him.	the marketer	him
the intern interned for, him.	the intern	him
the analyst analyzed, him.	the analyst	him
the researcher researched, him.	the researcher	him
the scientist researched, him.	the scientist	him
the professor taught, him.	the professor	him
the student studied, him.	the student	him
the doctor treated, him.	the doctor	him
the nurse cared for, him.	the nurse	him
the therapist counseled, him.	the therapist	him
the patient consulted, him.	the patient	him
the therapist counseled, him.	the therapist	him
the patient consulted, him.	the patient	him
the client consulted, him.	the client	him
the attorney represented, him.	the attorney	him
the defendant defended, him.	the defendant	him
the judge judged, him.	the judge	him
the witness testified for, him.	the witness	him
the researcher researched, him.	the researcher	him
the participant participated for, him.	the participant	him
the volunteer volunteered for, him.	the volunteer	him
the donor donated to, him.	the donor	him
