some student helped, the student's guest.	some student	the student
some artist painted, the artist's collection.	some artist	the artist
some chef cooked, the chef's project.	some chef	the chef
some dancer impressed, the dancer's protégé.	some dancer	the dancer
some writer inspired, the writer's client.	some writer	the writer
some athlete trained, the athlete's manuscript.	some athlete	the athlete
some musician composed, the musician's photoshoot.	some musician	the musician
some doctor treated, the doctor's followers.	some doctor	the doctor
some scientist discovered, the scientist's beat.	some scientist	the scientist
some driver drove, the driver's team.	some driver	the driver
some teacher educated, the teacher's space.	some teacher	the teacher
some gardener planted, the gardener's portfolio.	some gardener	the gardener
some engineer designed, the engineer's client.	some engineer	the engineer
some actor performed, the actor's outfit.	some actor	the actor
some photographer captured, the photographer's funds.	some photographer	the photographer
some librarian organized, the librarian's till.	some librarian	the librarian
some banker invested, the banker's customer.	some banker	the banker
some tailor sewed, the tailor's film.	some tailor	the tailor
some pilot flew, the pilot's peer.	some pilot	the pilot
some lawyer defended, the lawyer's self-portrait.	some lawyer	the lawyer
some architect designed, the architect's own.	some architect	the architect
some chef cooked, the chef's audience.	some chef	the chef
some nurse cared for, the nurse's readers.	some nurse	the nurse
some farmer harvested, the farmer's partner.	some farmer	the farmer
some plumber fixed, the plumber's symphony.	some plumber	the plumber
some cashier counted, the cashier's patient.	some cashier	the cashier
some painter painted, the painter's breakthrough.	some painter	the painter
some therapist counseled, the therapist's vehicle.	some therapist	the therapist
some singer sang to, the singer's students.	some singer	the singer
some firefighter rescued, the firefighter's flowers.	some firefighter	the firefighter
some fisherman caught, the fisherman's structure.	some fisherman	the fisherman
some bartender served, the bartender's role.	some bartender	the bartender
some waiter served, the waiter's moment.	some waiter	the waiter
some cashier counted, the cashier's collection.	some cashier	the cashier
some receptionist greeted, the receptionist's funds.	some receptionist	the receptionist
some athlete trained, the athlete's garment.	some athlete	the athlete
some journalist reported on, the journalist's aircraft.	some journalist	the journalist
some soldier fought, the soldier's client.	some soldier	the soldier
some scientist researched, the scientist's blueprint.	some scientist	the scientist
some musician played for, the musician's dish.	some musician	the musician
some dancer danced for, the dancer's patient.	some dancer	the dancer
some explorer discovered, the explorer's crops.	some explorer	the explorer
some manager managed, the manager's pipes.	some manager	the manager
some coach trained, the coach's money.	some coach	the coach
some cleaner cleaned, the cleaner's canvas.	some cleaner	the cleaner
some politician campaigned for, the politician's patient.	some politician	the politician
some driver drove, the driver's audience.	some driver	the driver
some gamer played against, the gamer's comrade.	some gamer	the gamer
some analyst analyzed, the analyst's fish.	some analyst	the analyst
some CEO led, the CEO's drink.	some CEO	the CEO
some receptionist greeted, the receptionist's table.	some receptionist	the receptionist
some librarian organized, the librarian's change.	some librarian	the librarian
some programmer coded for, the programmer's visitor.	some programmer	the programmer
some mentor mentored, the mentor's teammate.	some mentor	the mentor
some consultant advised, the consultant's story.	some consultant	the consultant
some editor edited, the editor's enemy.	some editor	the editor
some model posed for, the model's topic.	some model	the model
some influencer influenced, the influencer's fans.	some influencer	the influencer
some officer patrolled, the officer's troupe.	some officer	the officer
some coach coached, the coach's path.	some coach	the coach
some cleaner cleaned, the cleaner's team.	some cleaner	the cleaner
some artist created for, the artist's players.	some artist	the artist
some designer designed for, the designer's space.	some designer	the designer
some stylist styled, the stylist's election.	some stylist	the stylist
some banker invested, the banker's route.	some banker	the banker
some cashier counted, the cashier's opponent.	some cashier	the cashier
some clerk assisted, the clerk's data.	some clerk	the clerk
some director directed, the director's company.	some director	the director
some producer produced for, the producer's show.	some producer	the producer
some writer wrote for, the writer's publication.	some writer	the writer
some journalist reported on, the journalist's story.	some journalist	the journalist
some critic critiqued, the critic's review.	some critic	the critic
some developer developed for, the developer's application.	some developer	the developer
some entrepreneur founded, the entrepreneur's startup.	some entrepreneur	the entrepreneur
some host hosted, the host's event.	some host	the host
some CEO led, the CEO's company.	some CEO	the CEO
some manager managed, the manager's department.	some manager	the manager
some salesperson sold to, the salesperson's customer.	some salesperson	the salesperson
some marketer marketed for, the marketer's campaign.	some marketer	the marketer
some intern interned for, the intern's supervisor.	some intern	the intern
some analyst analyzed, the analyst's data.	some analyst	the analyst
some researcher researched, the researcher's topic.	some researcher	the researcher
some scientist researched, the scientist's experiment.	some scientist	the scientist
some professor taught, the professor's class.	some professor	the professor
some student studied, the student's subject.	some student	the student
some doctor treated, the doctor's patient.	some doctor	the doctor
some nurse cared for, the nurse's patient.	some nurse	the nurse
some therapist counseled, the therapist's client.	some therapist	the therapist
some patient consulted, the patient's doctor.	some patient	the patient
some therapist counseled, the therapist's client.	some therapist	the therapist
some patient consulted, the patient's doctor.	some patient	the patient
some client consulted, the client's advisor.	some client	the client
some attorney represented, the attorney's client.	some attorney	the attorney
some defendant defended, the defendant's case.	some defendant	the defendant
some judge judged, the judge's trial.	some judge	the judge
some witness testified for, the witness's case.	some witness	the witness
some researcher researched, the researcher's hypothesis.	some researcher	the researcher
some participant participated for, the participant's study.	some participant	the participant
some volunteer volunteered for, the volunteer's cause.	some volunteer	the volunteer
some donor donated to, the donor's charity.	some donor	the donor
