he helped, the student's guest.	he	the student
he painted, the artist's collection.	he	the artist
he cooked, the chef's project.	he	the chef
he impressed, the dancer's protégé.	he	the dancer
he inspired, the writer's client.	he	the writer
he trained, the athlete's manuscript.	he	the athlete
he composed, the musician's photoshoot.	he	the musician
he treated, the doctor's followers.	he	the doctor
he discovered, the scientist's beat.	he	the scientist
he drove, the driver's team.	he	the driver
he educated, the teacher's space.	he	the teacher
he planted, the gardener's portfolio.	he	the gardener
he designed, the engineer's client.	he	the engineer
he performed, the actor's outfit.	he	the actor
he captured, the photographer's funds.	he	the photographer
he organized, the librarian's till.	he	the librarian
he invested, the banker's customer.	he	the banker
he sewed, the tailor's film.	he	the tailor
he flew, the pilot's peer.	he	the pilot
he defended, the lawyer's self-portrait.	he	the lawyer
he designed, the architect's own.	he	the architect
he cooked, the chef's audience.	he	the chef
he cared for, the nurse's readers.	he	the nurse
he harvested, the farmer's partner.	he	the farmer
he fixed, the plumber's symphony.	he	the plumber
he counted, the cashier's patient.	he	the cashier
he painted, the painter's breakthrough.	he	the painter
he counseled, the therapist's vehicle.	he	the therapist
he sang to, the singer's students.	he	the singer
he rescued, the firefighter's flowers.	he	the firefighter
he caught, the fisherman's structure.	he	the fisherman
he served, the bartender's role.	he	the bartender
he served, the waiter's moment.	he	the waiter
he counted, the cashier's collection.	he	the cashier
he greeted, the receptionist's funds.	he	the receptionist
he trained, the athlete's garment.	he	the athlete
he reported on, the journalist's aircraft.	he	the journalist
he fought, the soldier's client.	he	the soldier
he researched, the scientist's blueprint.	he	the scientist
he played for, the musician's dish.	he	the musician
he danced for, the dancer's patient.	he	the dancer
he discovered, the explorer's crops.	he	the explorer
he managed, the manager's pipes.	he	the manager
he trained, the coach's money.	he	the coach
he cleaned, the cleaner's canvas.	he	the cleaner
he campaigned for, the politician's patient.	he	the politician
he drove, the driver's audience.	he	the driver
he played against, the gamer's comrade.	he	the gamer
he analyzed, the analyst's fish.	he	the analyst
he led, the CEO's drink.	he	the CEO
he greeted, the receptionist's table.	he	the receptionist
he organized, the librarian's change.	he	the librarian
he coded for, the programmer's visitor.	he	the programmer
he mentored, the mentor's teammate.	he	the mentor
he advised, the consultant's story.	he	the consultant
he edited, the editor's enemy.	he	the editor
he posed for, the model's topic.	he	the model
he influenced, the influencer's fans.	he	the influencer
he patrolled, the officer's troupe.	he	the officer
he coached, the coach's path.	he	the coach
he cleaned, the cleaner's team.	he	the cleaner
he created for, the artist's players.	he	the artist
he designed for, the designer's space.	he	the designer
he styled, the stylist's election.	he	the stylist
he invested, the banker's route.	he	the banker
he counted, the cashier's opponent.	he	the cashier
he assisted, the clerk's data.	he	the clerk
he directed, the director's company.	he	the director
he produced for, the producer's show.	he	the producer
he wrote for, the writer's publication.	he	the writer
he reported on, the journalist's story.	he	the journalist
he critiqued, the critic's review.	he	the critic
he developed for, the developer's application.	he	the developer
he founded, the entrepreneur's startup.	he	the entrepreneur
he hosted, the host's event.	he	the host
he led, the CEO's company.	he	the CEO
he managed, the manager's department.	he	the manager
he sold to, the salesperson's customer.	he	the salesperson
he marketed for, the marketer's campaign.	he	the marketer
he interned for, the intern's supervisor.	he	the intern
he analyzed, the analyst's data.	he	the analyst
he researched, the researcher's topic.	he	the researcher
he researched, the scientist's experiment.	he	the scientist
he taught, the professor's class.	he	the professor
he studied, the student's subject.	he	the student
he treated, the doctor's patient.	he	the doctor
he cared for, the nurse's patient.	he	the nurse
he counseled, the therapist's client.	he	the therapist
he consulted, the patient's doctor.	he	the patient
he counseled, the therapist's client.	he	the therapist
he consulted, the patient's doctor.	he	the patient
he consulted, the client's advisor.	he	the client
he represented, the attorney's client.	he	the attorney
he defended, the defendant's case.	he	the defendant
he judged, the judge's trial.	he	the judge
he testified for, the witness's case.	he	the witness
he researched, the researcher's hypothesis.	he	the researcher
he participated for, the participant's study.	he	the participant
he volunteered for, the volunteer's cause.	he	the volunteer
he donated to, the donor's charity.	he	the donor
