the student helped his guest.	the student	his
the artist painted his collection.	the artist	his
the chef cooked his project.	the chef	his
the dancer impressed his protégé.	the dancer	his
the writer inspired his client.	the writer	his
the athlete trained his manuscript.	the athlete	his
the musician composed his photoshoot.	the musician	his
the doctor treated his followers.	the doctor	his
the scientist discovered his beat.	the scientist	his
the driver drove his team.	the driver	his
the teacher educated his space.	the teacher	his
the gardener planted his portfolio.	the gardener	his
the engineer designed his client.	the engineer	his
the actor performed his outfit.	the actor	his
the photographer captured his funds.	the photographer	his
the librarian organized his till.	the librarian	his
the banker invested his customer.	the banker	his
the tailor sewed his film.	the tailor	his
the pilot flew his peer.	the pilot	his
the lawyer defended his self-portrait.	the lawyer	his
the architect designed his own.	the architect	his
the chef cooked his audience.	the chef	his
the nurse cared for his readers.	the nurse	his
the farmer harvested his partner.	the farmer	his
the plumber fixed his symphony.	the plumber	his
the cashier counted his patient.	the cashier	his
the painter painted his breakthrough.	the painter	his
the therapist counseled his vehicle.	the therapist	his
the singer sang to his students.	the singer	his
the firefighter rescued his flowers.	the firefighter	his
the fisherman caught his structure.	the fisherman	his
the bartender served his role.	the bartender	his
the waiter served his moment.	the waiter	his
the cashier counted his collection.	the cashier	his
the receptionist greeted his funds.	the receptionist	his
the athlete trained his garment.	the athlete	his
the journalist reported on his aircraft.	the journalist	his
the soldier fought his client.	the soldier	his
the scientist researched his blueprint.	the scientist	his
the musician played for his dish.	the musician	his
the dancer danced for his patient.	the dancer	his
the explorer discovered his crops.	the explorer	his
the manager managed his pipes.	the manager	his
the coach trained his money.	the coach	his
the cleaner cleaned his canvas.	the cleaner	his
the politician campaigned for his patient.	the politician	his
the driver drove his audience.	the driver	his
the gamer played against his comrade.	the gamer	his
the analyst analyzed his fish.	the analyst	his
the CEO led his drink.	the CEO	his
the receptionist greeted his table.	the receptionist	his
the librarian organized his change.	the librarian	his
the programmer coded for his visitor.	the programmer	his
the mentor mentored his teammate.	the mentor	his
the consultant advised his story.	the consultant	his
the editor edited his enemy.	the editor	his
the model posed for his topic.	the model	his
the influencer influenced his fans.	the influencer	his
the officer patrolled his troupe.	the officer	his
the coach coached his path.	the coach	his
the cleaner cleaned his team.	the cleaner	his
the artist created for his players.	the artist	his
the designer designed for his space.	the designer	his
the stylist styled his election.	the stylist	his
the banker invested his route.	the banker	his
the cashier counted his opponent.	the cashier	his
the clerk assisted his data.	the clerk	his
the director directed his company.	the director	his
the producer produced for his show.	the producer	his
the writer wrote for his publication.	the writer	his
the journalist reported on his story.	the journalist	his
the critic critiqued his review.	the critic	his
the developer developed for his application.	the developer	his
the entrepreneur founded his startup.	the entrepreneur	his
the host hosted his event.	the host	his
the CEO led his company.	the CEO	his
the manager managed his department.	the manager	his
the salesperson sold to his customer.	the salesperson	his
the marketer marketed for his campaign.	the marketer	his
the intern interned for his supervisor.	the intern	his
the analyst analyzed his data.	the analyst	his
the researcher researched his topic.	the researcher	his
the scientist researched his experiment.	the scientist	his
the professor taught his class.	the professor	his
the student studied his subject.	the student	his
the doctor treated his patient.	the doctor	his
the nurse cared for his patient.	the nurse	his
the therapist counseled his client.	the therapist	his
the patient consulted his doctor.	the patient	his
the therapist counseled his client.	the therapist	his
the patient consulted his doctor.	the patient	his
the client consulted his advisor.	the client	his
the attorney represented his client.	the attorney	his
the defendant defended his case.	the defendant	his
the judge judged his trial.	the judge	his
the witness testified for his case.	the witness	his
the researcher researched his hypothesis.	the researcher	his
the participant participated for his study.	the participant	his
the volunteer volunteered for his cause.	the volunteer	his
the donor donated to his charity.	the donor	his
