the student helped Johnson's guest.	the student	Johnson
the artist painted Smith's collection.	the artist	Smith
the chef cooked Brown's project.	the chef	Brown
the dancer impressed Davis's protégé.	the dancer	Davis
the writer inspired Miller's client.	the writer	Miller
the athlete trained Wilson's manuscript.	the athlete	Wilson
the musician composed Moore's photoshoot.	the musician	Moore
the doctor treated Taylor's followers.	the doctor	Taylor
the scientist discovered Anderson's beat.	the scientist	Anderson
the driver drove Thomas's team.	the driver	Thomas
the teacher educated Jackson's space.	the teacher	Jackson
the gardener planted White's portfolio.	the gardener	White
the engineer designed Harris's client.	the engineer	Harris
the actor performed Martin's outfit.	the actor	Martin
the photographer captured Thompson's funds.	the photographer	Thompson
the librarian organized Martinez's till.	the librarian	Martinez
the banker invested Garcia's customer.	the banker	Garcia
the tailor sewed Robinson's film.	the tailor	Robinson
the pilot flew Clark's peer.	the pilot	Clark
the lawyer defended Rodriguez's self-portrait.	the lawyer	Rodriguez
the architect designed Lewis's own.	the architect	Lewis
the chef cooked Lee's audience.	the chef	Lee
the nurse cared for Walker's readers.	the nurse	Walker
the farmer harvested Hall's partner.	the farmer	Hall
the plumber fixed Allen's symphony.	the plumber	Allen
the cashier counted Young's patient.	the cashier	Young
the painter painted King's breakthrough.	the painter	King
the therapist counseled Wright's vehicle.	the therapist	Wright
the singer sang to Scott's students.	the singer	Scott
the firefighter rescued Green's flowers.	the firefighter	Green
the fisherman caught Adams's structure.	the fisherman	Adams
the bartender served Baker's role.	the bartender	Baker
the waiter served Gonzalez's moment.	the waiter	Gonzalez
the cashier counted Nelson's collection.	the cashier	Nelson
the receptionist greeted Carter's funds.	the receptionist	Carter
the athlete trained Mitchell's garment.	the athlete	Mitchell
the journalist reported on Perez's aircraft.	the journalist	Perez
the soldier fought Roberts's client.	the soldier	Roberts
the scientist researched Turner's blueprint.	the scientist	Turner
the musician played for Phillips's dish.	the musician	Phillips
the dancer danced for Campbell's patient.	the dancer	Campbell
the explorer discovered Parker's crops.	the explorer	Parker
the manager managed Evans's pipes.	the manager	Evans
the coach trained Edwards's money.	the coach	Edwards
the cleaner cleaned Collins's canvas.	the cleaner	Collins
the politician campaigned for Stewart's patient.	the politician	Stewart
the driver drove Sanchez's audience.	the driver	Sanchez
the gamer played against Morris's comrade.	the gamer	Morris
the analyst analyzed Rogers's fish.	the analyst	Rogers
the CEO led Cook's drink.	the CEO	Cook
the receptionist greeted Reed's table.	the receptionist	Reed
the librarian organized Morgan's change.	the librarian	Morgan
the programmer coded for Bell's visitor.	the programmer	Bell
the mentor mentored Cooper's teammate.	the mentor	Cooper
the consultant advised Richardson's story.	the consultant	Richardson
the editor edited Cox's enemy.	the editor	Cox
the model posed for Howard's topic.	the model	Howard
the influencer influenced Ward's fans.	the influencer	Ward
the officer patrolled Torres's troupe.	the officer	Torres
the coach coached Peterson's path.	the coach	Peterson
the cleaner cleaned Gray's team.	the cleaner	Gray
the artist created for Ramirez's players.	the artist	Ramirez
the designer designed for James's space.	the designer	James
the stylist styled Watson's election.	the stylist	Watson
the banker invested Brooks's route.	the banker	Brooks
the cashier counted Kelly's opponent.	the cashier	Kelly
the clerk assisted Sanders's data.	the clerk	Sanders
the director directed Price's company.	the director	Price
the producer produced for Bennett's show.	the producer	Bennett
the writer wrote for Wood's publication.	the writer	Wood
the journalist reported on Barnes's story.	the journalist	Barnes
the critic critiqued Ross's review.	the critic	Ross
the developer developed for Henderson's application.	the developer	Henderson
the entrepreneur founded Coleman's startup.	the entrepreneur	Coleman
the host hosted Jenkins's event.	the host	Jenkins
the CEO led Perry's company.	the CEO	Perry
the manager managed Powell's department.	the manager	Powell
the salesperson sold to Long's customer.	the salesperson	Long
the marketer marketed for Patterson's campaign.	the marketer	Patterson
the intern interned for Hughes's supervisor.	the intern	Hughes
the analyst analyzed Flores's data.	the analyst	Flores
the researcher researched Washington's topic.	the researcher	Washington
the scientist researched Butler's experiment.	the scientist	Butler
the professor taught Johnson's class.	the professor	Johnson
the student studied Martinez's subject.	the student	Martinez
the doctor treated Robinson's patient.	the doctor	Robinson
the nurse cared for Thompson's patient.	the nurse	Thompson
the therapist counseled Clark's client.	the therapist	Clark
the patient consulted Rodriguez's doctor.	the patient	Rodriguez
the therapist counseled Lewis's client.	the therapist	Lewis
the patient consulted Lee's doctor.	the patient	Lee
the client consulted Walker's advisor.	the client	Walker
the attorney represented Hall's client.	the attorney	Hall
the defendant defended Allen's case.	the defendant	Allen
the judge judged Young's trial.	the judge	Young
the witness testified for King's case.	the witness	King
the researcher researched Wright's hypothesis.	the researcher	Wright
the participant participated for Green's study.	the participant	Green
the volunteer volunteered for Adams's cause.	the volunteer	Adams
the donor donated to Baker's charity.	the donor	Baker
