Kelly helped the student.	Kelly	the student
Xander painted the artist.	Xander	the artist
Miller cooked the chef.	Miller	the chef
Ortiz impressed the dancer.	Ortiz	the dancer
York inspired the writer.	York	the writer
Yang trained the athlete.	Yang	the athlete
Martinez composed the musician.	Martinez	the musician
Taylor treated the doctor.	Taylor	the doctor
Stewart discovered the scientist.	Stewart	the scientist
Zavala drove the driver.	Zavala	the driver
Quinn educated the teacher.	Quinn	the teacher
Barrett planted the gardener.	Barrett	the gardener
Quinn designed the engineer.	Quinn	the engineer
Stewart performed the actor.	Stewart	the actor
Parker captured the photographer.	Parker	the photographer
Peterson organized the librarian.	Peterson	the librarian
Diaz invested the banker.	Diaz	the banker
Jenkins sewed the tailor.	Jenkins	the tailor
Kelly flew the pilot.	Kelly	the pilot
White defended the lawyer.	White	the lawyer
Zimmerman designed the architect.	Zimmerman	the architect
Jackson cooked the chef.	Jackson	the chef
Ward cared for the nurse.	Ward	the nurse
Zimmerman harvested the farmer.	Zimmerman	the farmer
Johnson fixed the plumber.	Johnson	the plumber
Xu counted the cashier.	Xu	the cashier
Evans painted the painter.	Evans	the painter
Norris counseled the therapist.	Norris	the therapist
Underwood sang to the singer.	Underwood	the singer
Sanders rescued the firefighter.	Sanders	the firefighter
Nguyen caught the fisherman.	Nguyen	the fisherman
Underwood served the bartender.	Underwood	the bartender
Vincent served the waiter.	Vincent	the waiter
Underwood counted the cashier.	Underwood	the cashier
Knight greeted the receptionist.	Knight	the receptionist
Lopez trained the athlete.	Lopez	the athlete
Hernandez reported on the journalist.	Hernandez	the journalist
Patterson fought the soldier.	Patterson	the soldier
Douglas researched the scientist.	Douglas	the scientist
Johnson played for the musician.	Johnson	the musician
Lawson danced for the dancer.	Lawson	the dancer
Parker discovered the explorer.	Parker	the explorer
Miller managed the manager.	Miller	the manager
York trained the coach.	York	the coach
Carter cleaned the cleaner.	Carter	the cleaner
Bishop campaigned for the politician.	Bishop	the politician
Zane drove the driver.	Zane	the driver
Stewart played against the gamer.	Stewart	the gamer
Lawson analyzed the analyst.	Lawson	the analyst
Knight led the CEO.	Knight	the CEO
Lee greeted the receptionist.	Lee	the receptionist
Zavala organized the librarian.	Zavala	the librarian
Lopez coded for the programmer.	Lopez	the programmer
Carter mentored the mentor.	Carter	the mentor
Thompson advised the consultant.	Thompson	the consultant
Vaughn edited the editor.	Vaughn	the editor
Robinson posed for the model.	Robinson	the model
Taylor influenced the influencer.	Taylor	the influencer
Franklin patrolled the officer.	Franklin	the officer
Hernandez coached the coach.	Hernandez	the coach
Anderson cleaned the cleaner.	Anderson	the cleaner
Perez created for the artist.	Perez	the artist
Underwood designed for the designer.	Underwood	the designer
Barrett styled the stylist.	Barrett	the stylist
Ulrich invested the banker.	Ulrich	the banker
Freeman counted the cashier.	Freeman	the cashier
Quinn assisted the clerk.	Quinn	the clerk
Quinn directed the director.	Quinn	the director
Bennett produced for the producer.	Bennett	the producer
Barrett wrote for the writer.	Barrett	the writer
Usher reported on the journalist.	Usher	the journalist
Underwood critiqued the critic.	Underwood	the critic
Underhill developed for the developer.	Underhill	the developer
Martinez founded the entrepreneur.	Martinez	the entrepreneur
Hernandez hosted the host.	Hernandez	the host
King led the CEO.	King	the CEO
Douglas managed the manager.	Douglas	the manager
Flores sold to the salesperson.	Flores	the salesperson
Quinn marketed for the marketer.	Quinn	the marketer
Barrett interned for the intern.	Barrett	the intern
Zeller analyzed the analyst.	Zeller	the analyst
Young researched the researcher.	Young	the researcher
Mitchell researched the scientist.	Mitchell	the scientist
Clark taught the professor.	Clark	the professor
Knight studied the student.	Knight	the student
Thompson treated the doctor.	Thompson	the doctor
Richardson cared for the nurse.	Richardson	the nurse
Zeller counseled the therapist.	Zeller	the therapist
Ingram consulted the patient.	Ingram	the patient
Knight counseled the therapist.	Knight	the therapist
Hughes consulted the patient.	Hughes	the patient
Underhill consulted the client.	Underhill	the client
Perez represented the attorney.	Perez	the attorney
Peterson defended the defendant.	Peterson	the defendant
Brooks judged the judge.	Brooks	the judge
Grant testified for the witness.	Grant	the witness
Lawson researched the researcher.	Lawson	the researcher
Moore participated for the participant.	Moore	the participant
Collins volunteered for the volunteer.	Collins	the volunteer
Walker donated to the donor.	Walker	the donor
