him, the student helped.	the student	him
him, the artist painted.	the artist	him
him, the chef cooked.	the chef	him
him, the dancer impressed.	the dancer	him
him, the writer inspired.	the writer	him
him, the athlete trained.	the athlete	him
him, the musician composed.	the musician	him
him, the doctor treated.	the doctor	him
him, the scientist discovered.	the scientist	him
him, the driver drove.	the driver	him
him, the teacher educated.	the teacher	him
him, the gardener planted.	the gardener	him
him, the engineer designed.	the engineer	him
him, the actor performed.	the actor	him
him, the photographer captured.	the photographer	him
him, the librarian organized.	the librarian	him
him, the banker invested.	the banker	him
him, the tailor sewed.	the tailor	him
him, the pilot flew.	the pilot	him
him, the lawyer defended.	the lawyer	him
him, the architect designed.	the architect	him
him, the chef cooked.	the chef	him
him, the nurse cared for.	the nurse	him
him, the farmer harvested.	the farmer	him
him, the plumber fixed.	the plumber	him
him, the cashier counted.	the cashier	him
him, the painter painted.	the painter	him
him, the therapist counseled.	the therapist	him
him, the singer sang to.	the singer	him
him, the firefighter rescued.	the firefighter	him
him, the fisherman caught.	the fisherman	him
him, the bartender served.	the bartender	him
him, the waiter served.	the waiter	him
him, the cashier counted.	the cashier	him
him, the receptionist greeted.	the receptionist	him
him, the athlete trained.	the athlete	him
him, the journalist reported on.	the journalist	him
him, the soldier fought.	the soldier	him
him, the scientist researched.	the scientist	him
him, the musician played for.	the musician	him
him, the dancer danced for.	the dancer	him
him, the explorer discovered.	the explorer	him
him, the manager managed.	the manager	him
him, the coach trained.	the coach	him
him, the cleaner cleaned.	the cleaner	him
him, the politician campaigned for.	the politician	him
him, the driver drove.	the driver	him
him, the gamer played against.	the gamer	him
him, the analyst analyzed.	the analyst	him
him, the CEO led.	the CEO	him
him, the receptionist greeted.	the receptionist	him
him, the librarian organized.	the librarian	him
him, the programmer coded for.	the programmer	him
him, the mentor mentored.	the mentor	him
him, the consultant advised.	the consultant	him
him, the editor edited.	the editor	him
him, the model posed for.	the model	him
him, the influencer influenced.	the influencer	him
him, the officer patrolled.	the officer	him
him, the coach coached.	the coach	him
him, the cleaner cleaned.	the cleaner	him
him, the artist created for.	the artist	him
him, the designer designed for.	the designer	him
him, the stylist styled.	the stylist	him
him, the banker invested.	the banker	him
him, the cashier counted.	the cashier	him
him, the clerk assisted.	the clerk	him
him, the director directed.	the director	him
him, the producer produced for.	the producer	him
him, the writer wrote for.	the writer	him
him, the journalist reported on.	the journalist	him
him, the critic critiqued.	the critic	him
him, the developer developed for.	the developer	him
him, the entrepreneur founded.	the entrepreneur	him
him, the host hosted.	the host	him
him, the CEO led.	the CEO	him
him, the manager managed.	the manager	him
him, the salesperson sold to.	the salesperson	him
him, the marketer marketed for.	the marketer	him
him, the intern interned for.	the intern	him
him, the analyst analyzed.	the analyst	him
him, the researcher researched.	the researcher	him
him, the scientist researched.	the scientist	him
him, the professor taught.	the professor	him
him, the student studied.	the student	him
him, the doctor treated.	the doctor	him
him, the nurse cared for.	the nurse	him
him, the therapist counseled.	the therapist	him
him, the patient consulted.	the patient	him
him, the therapist counseled.	the therapist	him
him, the patient consulted.	the patient	him
him, the client consulted.	the client	him
him, the attorney represented.	the attorney	him
him, the defendant defended.	the defendant	him
him, the judge judged.	the judge	him
him, the witness testified for.	the witness	him
him, the researcher researched.	the researcher	him
him, the participant participated for.	the participant	him
him, the volunteer volunteered for.	the volunteer	him
him, the donor donated to.	the donor	him
