the student, Kelly helped.	Kelly	the student
the artist, Xander painted.	Xander	the artist
the chef, Miller cooked.	Miller	the chef
the dancer, Ortiz impressed.	Ortiz	the dancer
the writer, York inspired.	York	the writer
the athlete, Yang trained.	Yang	the athlete
the musician, Martinez composed.	Martinez	the musician
the doctor, Taylor treated.	Taylor	the doctor
the scientist, Stewart discovered.	Stewart	the scientist
the driver, Zavala drove.	Zavala	the driver
the teacher, Quinn educated.	Quinn	the teacher
the gardener, Barrett planted.	Barrett	the gardener
the engineer, Quinn designed.	Quinn	the engineer
the actor, Stewart performed.	Stewart	the actor
the photographer, Parker captured.	Parker	the photographer
the librarian, Peterson organized.	Peterson	the librarian
the banker, Diaz invested.	Diaz	the banker
the tailor, Jenkins sewed.	Jenkins	the tailor
the pilot, Kelly flew.	Kelly	the pilot
the lawyer, White defended.	White	the lawyer
the architect, Zimmerman designed.	Zimmerman	the architect
the chef, Jackson cooked.	Jackson	the chef
the nurse, Ward cared for.	Ward	the nurse
the farmer, Zimmerman harvested.	Zimmerman	the farmer
the plumber, Johnson fixed.	Johnson	the plumber
the cashier, Xu counted.	Xu	the cashier
the painter, Evans painted.	Evans	the painter
the therapist, Norris counseled.	Norris	the therapist
the singer, Underwood sang to.	Underwood	the singer
the firefighter, Sanders rescued.	Sanders	the firefighter
the fisherman, Nguyen caught.	Nguyen	the fisherman
the bartender, Underwood served.	Underwood	the bartender
the waiter, Vincent served.	Vincent	the waiter
the cashier, Underwood counted.	Underwood	the cashier
the receptionist, Knight greeted.	Knight	the receptionist
the athlete, Lopez trained.	Lopez	the athlete
the journalist, Hernandez reported on.	Hernandez	the journalist
the soldier, Patterson fought.	Patterson	the soldier
the scientist, Douglas researched.	Douglas	the scientist
the musician, Johnson played for.	Johnson	the musician
the dancer, Lawson danced for.	Lawson	the dancer
the explorer, Parker discovered.	Parker	the explorer
the manager, Miller managed.	Miller	the manager
the coach, York trained.	York	the coach
the cleaner, Carter cleaned.	Carter	the cleaner
the politician, Bishop campaigned for.	Bishop	the politician
the driver, Zane drove.	Zane	the driver
the gamer, Stewart played against.	Stewart	the gamer
the analyst, Lawson analyzed.	Lawson	the analyst
the CEO, Knight led.	Knight	the CEO
the receptionist, Lee greeted.	Lee	the receptionist
the librarian, Zavala organized.	Zavala	the librarian
the programmer, Lopez coded for.	Lopez	the programmer
the mentor, Carter mentored.	Carter	the mentor
the consultant, Thompson advised.	Thompson	the consultant
the editor, Vaughn edited.	Vaughn	the editor
the model, Robinson posed for.	Robinson	the model
the influencer, Taylor influenced.	Taylor	the influencer
the officer, Franklin patrolled.	Franklin	the officer
the coach, Hernandez coached.	Hernandez	the coach
the cleaner, Anderson cleaned.	Anderson	the cleaner
the artist, Perez created for.	Perez	the artist
the designer, Underwood designed for.	Underwood	the designer
the stylist, Barrett styled.	Barrett	the stylist
the banker, Ulrich invested.	Ulrich	the banker
the cashier, Freeman counted.	Freeman	the cashier
the clerk, Quinn assisted.	Quinn	the clerk
the director, Quinn directed.	Quinn	the director
the producer, Bennett produced for.	Bennett	the producer
the writer, Barrett wrote for.	Barrett	the writer
the journalist, Usher reported on.	Usher	the journalist
the critic, Underwood critiqued.	Underwood	the critic
the developer, Underhill developed for.	Underhill	the developer
the entrepreneur, Martinez founded.	Martinez	the entrepreneur
the host, Hernandez hosted.	Hernandez	the host
the CEO, King led.	King	the CEO
the manager, Douglas managed.	Douglas	the manager
the salesperson, Flores sold to.	Flores	the salesperson
the marketer, Quinn marketed for.	Quinn	the marketer
the intern, Barrett interned for.	Barrett	the intern
the analyst, Zeller analyzed.	Zeller	the analyst
the researcher, Young researched.	Young	the researcher
the scientist, Mitchell researched.	Mitchell	the scientist
the professor, Clark taught.	Clark	the professor
the student, Knight studied.	Knight	the student
the doctor, Thompson treated.	Thompson	the doctor
the nurse, Richardson cared for.	Richardson	the nurse
the therapist, Zeller counseled.	Zeller	the therapist
the patient, Ingram consulted.	Ingram	the patient
the therapist, Knight counseled.	Knight	the therapist
the patient, Hughes consulted.	Hughes	the patient
the client, Underhill consulted.	Underhill	the client
the attorney, Perez represented.	Perez	the attorney
the defendant, Peterson defended.	Peterson	the defendant
the judge, Brooks judged.	Brooks	the judge
the witness, Grant testified for.	Grant	the witness
the researcher, Lawson researched.	Lawson	the researcher
the participant, Moore participated for.	Moore	the participant
the volunteer, Collins volunteered for.	Collins	the volunteer
the donor, Walker donated to.	Walker	the donor
