his guest, the student helped.	the student	his
his collection, the artist painted.	the artist	his
his project, the chef cooked.	the chef	his
his protégé, the dancer impressed.	the dancer	his
his client, the writer inspired.	the writer	his
his manuscript, the athlete trained.	the athlete	his
his photoshoot, the musician composed.	the musician	his
his followers, the doctor treated.	the doctor	his
his beat, the scientist discovered.	the scientist	his
his team, the driver drove.	the driver	his
his space, the teacher educated.	the teacher	his
his portfolio, the gardener planted.	the gardener	his
his client, the engineer designed.	the engineer	his
his outfit, the actor performed.	the actor	his
his funds, the photographer captured.	the photographer	his
his till, the librarian organized.	the librarian	his
his customer, the banker invested.	the banker	his
his film, the tailor sewed.	the tailor	his
his peer, the pilot flew.	the pilot	his
his self-portrait, the lawyer defended.	the lawyer	his
his own, the architect designed.	the architect	his
his audience, the chef cooked.	the chef	his
his readers, the nurse cared for.	the nurse	his
his partner, the farmer harvested.	the farmer	his
his symphony, the plumber fixed.	the plumber	his
his patient, the cashier counted.	the cashier	his
his breakthrough, the painter painted.	the painter	his
his vehicle, the therapist counseled.	the therapist	his
his students, the singer sang to.	the singer	his
his flowers, the firefighter rescued.	the firefighter	his
his structure, the fisherman caught.	the fisherman	his
his role, the bartender served.	the bartender	his
his moment, the waiter served.	the waiter	his
his collection, the cashier counted.	the cashier	his
his funds, the receptionist greeted.	the receptionist	his
his garment, the athlete trained.	the athlete	his
his aircraft, the journalist reported on.	the journalist	his
his client, the soldier fought.	the soldier	his
his blueprint, the scientist researched.	the scientist	his
his dish, the musician played for.	the musician	his
his patient, the dancer danced for.	the dancer	his
his crops, the explorer discovered.	the explorer	his
his pipes, the manager managed.	the manager	his
his money, the coach trained.	the coach	his
his canvas, the cleaner cleaned.	the cleaner	his
his patient, the politician campaigned for.	the politician	his
his audience, the driver drove.	the driver	his
his comrade, the gamer played against.	the gamer	his
his fish, the analyst analyzed.	the analyst	his
his drink, the CEO led.	the CEO	his
his table, the receptionist greeted.	the receptionist	his
his change, the librarian organized.	the librarian	his
his visitor, the programmer coded for.	the programmer	his
his teammate, the mentor mentored.	the mentor	his
his story, the consultant advised.	the consultant	his
his enemy, the editor edited.	the editor	his
his topic, the model posed for.	the model	his
his fans, the influencer influenced.	the influencer	his
his troupe, the officer patrolled.	the officer	his
his path, the coach coached.	the coach	his
his team, the cleaner cleaned.	the cleaner	his
his players, the artist created for.	the artist	his
his space, the designer designed for.	the designer	his
his election, the stylist styled.	the stylist	his
his route, the banker invested.	the banker	his
his opponent, the cashier counted.	the cashier	his
his data, the clerk assisted.	the clerk	his
his company, the director directed.	the director	his
his show, the producer produced for.	the producer	his
his publication, the writer wrote for.	the writer	his
his story, the journalist reported on.	the journalist	his
his review, the critic critiqued.	the critic	his
his application, the developer developed for.	the developer	his
his startup, the entrepreneur founded.	the entrepreneur	his
his event, the host hosted.	the host	his
his company, the CEO led.	the CEO	his
his department, the manager managed.	the manager	his
his customer, the salesperson sold to.	the salesperson	his
his campaign, the marketer marketed for.	the marketer	his
his supervisor, the intern interned for.	the intern	his
his data, the analyst analyzed.	the analyst	his
his topic, the researcher researched.	the researcher	his
his experiment, the scientist researched.	the scientist	his
his class, the professor taught.	the professor	his
his subject, the student studied.	the student	his
his patient, the doctor treated.	the doctor	his
his patient, the nurse cared for.	the nurse	his
his client, the therapist counseled.	the therapist	his
his doctor, the patient consulted.	the patient	his
his client, the therapist counseled.	the therapist	his
his doctor, the patient consulted.	the patient	his
his advisor, the client consulted.	the client	his
his client, the attorney represented.	the attorney	his
his case, the defendant defended.	the defendant	his
his trial, the judge judged.	the judge	his
his case, the witness testified for.	the witness	his
his hypothesis, the researcher researched.	the researcher	his
his study, the participant participated for.	the participant	his
his cause, the volunteer volunteered for.	the volunteer	his
his charity, the donor donated to.	the donor	his
