the student, he helped.	he	the student
the artist, he painted.	he	the artist
the chef, he cooked.	he	the chef
the dancer, he impressed.	he	the dancer
the writer, he inspired.	he	the writer
the athlete, he trained.	he	the athlete
the musician, he composed.	he	the musician
the doctor, he treated.	he	the doctor
the scientist, he discovered.	he	the scientist
the driver, he drove.	he	the driver
the teacher, he educated.	he	the teacher
the gardener, he planted.	he	the gardener
the engineer, he designed.	he	the engineer
the actor, he performed.	he	the actor
the photographer, he captured.	he	the photographer
the librarian, he organized.	he	the librarian
the banker, he invested.	he	the banker
the tailor, he sewed.	he	the tailor
the pilot, he flew.	he	the pilot
the lawyer, he defended.	he	the lawyer
the architect, he designed.	he	the architect
the chef, he cooked.	he	the chef
the nurse, he cared for.	he	the nurse
the farmer, he harvested.	he	the farmer
the plumber, he fixed.	he	the plumber
the cashier, he counted.	he	the cashier
the painter, he painted.	he	the painter
the therapist, he counseled.	he	the therapist
the singer, he sang to.	he	the singer
the firefighter, he rescued.	he	the firefighter
the fisherman, he caught.	he	the fisherman
the bartender, he served.	he	the bartender
the waiter, he served.	he	the waiter
the cashier, he counted.	he	the cashier
the receptionist, he greeted.	he	the receptionist
the athlete, he trained.	he	the athlete
the journalist, he reported on.	he	the journalist
the soldier, he fought.	he	the soldier
the scientist, he researched.	he	the scientist
the musician, he played for.	he	the musician
the dancer, he danced for.	he	the dancer
the explorer, he discovered.	he	the explorer
the manager, he managed.	he	the manager
the coach, he trained.	he	the coach
the cleaner, he cleaned.	he	the cleaner
the politician, he campaigned for.	he	the politician
the driver, he drove.	he	the driver
the gamer, he played against.	he	the gamer
the analyst, he analyzed.	he	the analyst
the CEO, he led.	he	the CEO
the receptionist, he greeted.	he	the receptionist
the librarian, he organized.	he	the librarian
the programmer, he coded for.	he	the programmer
the mentor, he mentored.	he	the mentor
the consultant, he advised.	he	the consultant
the editor, he edited.	he	the editor
the model, he posed for.	he	the model
the influencer, he influenced.	he	the influencer
the officer, he patrolled.	he	the officer
the coach, he coached.	he	the coach
the cleaner, he cleaned.	he	the cleaner
the artist, he created for.	he	the artist
the designer, he designed for.	he	the designer
the stylist, he styled.	he	the stylist
the banker, he invested.	he	the banker
the cashier, he counted.	he	the cashier
the clerk, he assisted.	he	the clerk
the director, he directed.	he	the director
the producer, he produced for.	he	the producer
the writer, he wrote for.	he	the writer
the journalist, he reported on.	he	the journalist
the critic, he critiqued.	he	the critic
the developer, he developed for.	he	the developer
the entrepreneur, he founded.	he	the entrepreneur
the host, he hosted.	he	the host
the CEO, he led.	he	the CEO
the manager, he managed.	he	the manager
the salesperson, he sold to.	he	the salesperson
the marketer, he marketed for.	he	the marketer
the intern, he interned for.	he	the intern
the analyst, he analyzed.	he	the analyst
the researcher, he researched.	he	the researcher
the scientist, he researched.	he	the scientist
the professor, he taught.	he	the professor
the student, he studied.	he	the student
the doctor, he treated.	he	the doctor
the nurse, he cared for.	he	the nurse
the therapist, he counseled.	he	the therapist
the patient, he consulted.	he	the patient
the therapist, he counseled.	he	the therapist
the patient, he consulted.	he	the patient
the client, he consulted.	he	the client
the attorney, he represented.	he	the attorney
the defendant, he defended.	he	the defendant
the judge, he judged.	he	the judge
the witness, he testified for.	he	the witness
the researcher, he researched.	he	the researcher
the participant, he participated for.	he	the participant
the volunteer, he volunteered for.	he	the volunteer
the donor, he donated to.	he	the donor
