the student's guest, the student helped.	the student	the student
the artist's collection, the artist painted.	the artist	the artist
the chef's project, the chef cooked.	the chef	the chef
the dancer's protégé, the dancer impressed.	the dancer	the dancer
the writer's client, the writer inspired.	the writer	the writer
the athlete's manuscript, the athlete trained.	the athlete	the athlete
the musician's photoshoot, the musician composed.	the musician	the musician
the doctor's followers, the doctor treated.	the doctor	the doctor
the scientist's beat, the scientist discovered.	the scientist	the scientist
the driver's team, the driver drove.	the driver	the driver
the teacher's space, the teacher educated.	the teacher	the teacher
the gardener's portfolio, the gardener planted.	the gardener	the gardener
the engineer's client, the engineer designed.	the engineer	the engineer
the actor's outfit, the actor performed.	the actor	the actor
the photographer's funds, the photographer captured.	the photographer	the photographer
the librarian's till, the librarian organized.	the librarian	the librarian
the banker's customer, the banker invested.	the banker	the banker
the tailor's film, the tailor sewed.	the tailor	the tailor
the pilot's peer, the pilot flew.	the pilot	the pilot
the lawyer's self-portrait, the lawyer defended.	the lawyer	the lawyer
the architect's own, the architect designed.	the architect	the architect
the chef's audience, the chef cooked.	the chef	the chef
the nurse's readers, the nurse cared for.	the nurse	the nurse
the farmer's partner, the farmer harvested.	the farmer	the farmer
the plumber's symphony, the plumber fixed.	the plumber	the plumber
the cashier's patient, the cashier counted.	the cashier	the cashier
the painter's breakthrough, the painter painted.	the painter	the painter
the therapist's vehicle, the therapist counseled.	the therapist	the therapist
the singer's students, the singer sang to.	the singer	the singer
the firefighter's flowers, the firefighter rescued.	the firefighter	the firefighter
the fisherman's structure, the fisherman caught.	the fisherman	the fisherman
the bartender's role, the bartender served.	the bartender	the bartender
the waiter's moment, the waiter served.	the waiter	the waiter
the cashier's collection, the cashier counted.	the cashier	the cashier
the receptionist's funds, the receptionist greeted.	the receptionist	the receptionist
the athlete's garment, the athlete trained.	the athlete	the athlete
the journalist's aircraft, the journalist reported on.	the journalist	the journalist
the soldier's client, the soldier fought.	the soldier	the soldier
the scientist's blueprint, the scientist researched.	the scientist	the scientist
the musician's dish, the musician played for.	the musician	the musician
the dancer's patient, the dancer danced for.	the dancer	the dancer
the explorer's crops, the explorer discovered.	the explorer	the explorer
the manager's pipes, the manager managed.	the manager	the manager
the coach's money, the coach trained.	the coach	the coach
the cleaner's canvas, the cleaner cleaned.	the cleaner	the cleaner
the politician's patient, the politician campaigned for.	the politician	the politician
the driver's audience, the driver drove.	the driver	the driver
the gamer's comrade, the gamer played against.	the gamer	the gamer
the analyst's fish, the analyst analyzed.	the analyst	the analyst
the CEO's drink, the CEO led.	the CEO	the CEO
the receptionist's table, the receptionist greeted.	the receptionist	the receptionist
the librarian's change, the librarian organized.	the librarian	the librarian
the programmer's visitor, the programmer coded for.	the programmer	the programmer
the mentor's teammate, the mentor mentored.	the mentor	the mentor
the consultant's story, the consultant advised.	the consultant	the consultant
the editor's enemy, the editor edited.	the editor	the editor
the model's topic, the model posed for.	the model	the model
the influencer's fans, the influencer influenced.	the influencer	the influencer
the officer's troupe, the officer patrolled.	the officer	the officer
the coach's path, the coach coached.	the coach	the coach
the cleaner's team, the cleaner cleaned.	the cleaner	the cleaner
the artist's players, the artist created for.	the artist	the artist
the designer's space, the designer designed for.	the designer	the designer
the stylist's election, the stylist styled.	the stylist	the stylist
the banker's route, the banker invested.	the banker	the banker
the cashier's opponent, the cashier counted.	the cashier	the cashier
the clerk's data, the clerk assisted.	the clerk	the clerk
the director's company, the director directed.	the director	the director
the producer's show, the producer produced for.	the producer	the producer
the writer's publication, the writer wrote for.	the writer	the writer
the journalist's story, the journalist reported on.	the journalist	the journalist
the critic's review, the critic critiqued.	the critic	the critic
the developer's application, the developer developed for.	the developer	the developer
the entrepreneur's startup, the entrepreneur founded.	the entrepreneur	the entrepreneur
the host's event, the host hosted.	the host	the host
the CEO's company, the CEO led.	the CEO	the CEO
the manager's department, the manager managed.	the manager	the manager
the salesperson's customer, the salesperson sold to.	the salesperson	the salesperson
the marketer's campaign, the marketer marketed for.	the marketer	the marketer
the intern's supervisor, the intern interned for.	the intern	the intern
the analyst's data, the analyst analyzed.	the analyst	the analyst
the researcher's topic, the researcher researched.	the researcher	the researcher
the scientist's experiment, the scientist researched.	the scientist	the scientist
the professor's class, the professor taught.	the professor	the professor
the student's subject, the student studied.	the student	the student
the doctor's patient, the doctor treated.	the doctor	the doctor
the nurse's patient, the nurse cared for.	the nurse	the nurse
the therapist's client, the therapist counseled.	the therapist	the therapist
the patient's doctor, the patient consulted.	the patient	the patient
the therapist's client, the therapist counseled.	the therapist	the therapist
the patient's doctor, the patient consulted.	the patient	the patient
the client's advisor, the client consulted.	the client	the client
the attorney's client, the attorney represented.	the attorney	the attorney
the defendant's case, the defendant defended.	the defendant	the defendant
the judge's trial, the judge judged.	the judge	the judge
the witness's case, the witness testified for.	the witness	the witness
the researcher's hypothesis, the researcher researched.	the researcher	the researcher
the participant's study, the participant participated for.	the participant	the participant
the volunteer's cause, the volunteer volunteered for.	the volunteer	the volunteer
the donor's charity, the donor donated to.	the donor	the donor
