the student's guest, some student helped.	some student	the student
the artist's collection, some artist painted.	some artist	the artist
the chef's project, some chef cooked.	some chef	the chef
the dancer's protégé, some dancer impressed.	some dancer	the dancer
the writer's client, some writer inspired.	some writer	the writer
the athlete's manuscript, some athlete trained.	some athlete	the athlete
the musician's photoshoot, some musician composed.	some musician	the musician
the doctor's followers, some doctor treated.	some doctor	the doctor
the scientist's beat, some scientist discovered.	some scientist	the scientist
the driver's team, some driver drove.	some driver	the driver
the teacher's space, some teacher educated.	some teacher	the teacher
the gardener's portfolio, some gardener planted.	some gardener	the gardener
the engineer's client, some engineer designed.	some engineer	the engineer
the actor's outfit, some actor performed.	some actor	the actor
the photographer's funds, some photographer captured.	some photographer	the photographer
the librarian's till, some librarian organized.	some librarian	the librarian
the banker's customer, some banker invested.	some banker	the banker
the tailor's film, some tailor sewed.	some tailor	the tailor
the pilot's peer, some pilot flew.	some pilot	the pilot
the lawyer's self-portrait, some lawyer defended.	some lawyer	the lawyer
the architect's own, some architect designed.	some architect	the architect
the chef's audience, some chef cooked.	some chef	the chef
the nurse's readers, some nurse cared for.	some nurse	the nurse
the farmer's partner, some farmer harvested.	some farmer	the farmer
the plumber's symphony, some plumber fixed.	some plumber	the plumber
the cashier's patient, some cashier counted.	some cashier	the cashier
the painter's breakthrough, some painter painted.	some painter	the painter
the therapist's vehicle, some therapist counseled.	some therapist	the therapist
the singer's students, some singer sang to.	some singer	the singer
the firefighter's flowers, some firefighter rescued.	some firefighter	the firefighter
the fisherman's structure, some fisherman caught.	some fisherman	the fisherman
the bartender's role, some bartender served.	some bartender	the bartender
the waiter's moment, some waiter served.	some waiter	the waiter
the cashier's collection, some cashier counted.	some cashier	the cashier
the receptionist's funds, some receptionist greeted.	some receptionist	the receptionist
the athlete's garment, some athlete trained.	some athlete	the athlete
the journalist's aircraft, some journalist reported on.	some journalist	the journalist
the soldier's client, some soldier fought.	some soldier	the soldier
the scientist's blueprint, some scientist researched.	some scientist	the scientist
the musician's dish, some musician played for.	some musician	the musician
the dancer's patient, some dancer danced for.	some dancer	the dancer
the explorer's crops, some explorer discovered.	some explorer	the explorer
the manager's pipes, some manager managed.	some manager	the manager
the coach's money, some coach trained.	some coach	the coach
the cleaner's canvas, some cleaner cleaned.	some cleaner	the cleaner
the politician's patient, some politician campaigned for.	some politician	the politician
the driver's audience, some driver drove.	some driver	the driver
the gamer's comrade, some gamer played against.	some gamer	the gamer
the analyst's fish, some analyst analyzed.	some analyst	the analyst
the CEO's drink, some CEO led.	some CEO	the CEO
the receptionist's table, some receptionist greeted.	some receptionist	the receptionist
the librarian's change, some librarian organized.	some librarian	the librarian
the programmer's visitor, some programmer coded for.	some programmer	the programmer
the mentor's teammate, some mentor mentored.	some mentor	the mentor
the consultant's story, some consultant advised.	some consultant	the consultant
the editor's enemy, some editor edited.	some editor	the editor
the model's topic, some model posed for.	some model	the model
the influencer's fans, some influencer influenced.	some influencer	the influencer
the officer's troupe, some officer patrolled.	some officer	the officer
the coach's path, some coach coached.	some coach	the coach
the cleaner's team, some cleaner cleaned.	some cleaner	the cleaner
the artist's players, some artist created for.	some artist	the artist
the designer's space, some designer designed for.	some designer	the designer
the stylist's election, some stylist styled.	some stylist	the stylist
the banker's route, some banker invested.	some banker	the banker
the cashier's opponent, some cashier counted.	some cashier	the cashier
the clerk's data, some clerk assisted.	some clerk	the clerk
the director's company, some director directed.	some director	the director
the producer's show, some producer produced for.	some producer	the producer
the writer's publication, some writer wrote for.	some writer	the writer
the journalist's story, some journalist reported on.	some journalist	the journalist
the critic's review, some critic critiqued.	some critic	the critic
the developer's application, some developer developed for.	some developer	the developer
the entrepreneur's startup, some entrepreneur founded.	some entrepreneur	the entrepreneur
the host's event, some host hosted.	some host	the host
the CEO's company, some CEO led.	some CEO	the CEO
the manager's department, some manager managed.	some manager	the manager
the salesperson's customer, some salesperson sold to.	some salesperson	the salesperson
the marketer's campaign, some marketer marketed for.	some marketer	the marketer
the intern's supervisor, some intern interned for.	some intern	the intern
the analyst's data, some analyst analyzed.	some analyst	the analyst
the researcher's topic, some researcher researched.	some researcher	the researcher
the scientist's experiment, some scientist researched.	some scientist	the scientist
the professor's class, some professor taught.	some professor	the professor
the student's subject, some student studied.	some student	the student
the doctor's patient, some doctor treated.	some doctor	the doctor
the nurse's patient, some nurse cared for.	some nurse	the nurse
the therapist's client, some therapist counseled.	some therapist	the therapist
the patient's doctor, some patient consulted.	some patient	the patient
the therapist's client, some therapist counseled.	some therapist	the therapist
the patient's doctor, some patient consulted.	some patient	the patient
the client's advisor, some client consulted.	some client	the client
the attorney's client, some attorney represented.	some attorney	the attorney
the defendant's case, some defendant defended.	some defendant	the defendant
the judge's trial, some judge judged.	some judge	the judge
the witness's case, some witness testified for.	some witness	the witness
the researcher's hypothesis, some researcher researched.	some researcher	the researcher
the participant's study, some participant participated for.	some participant	the participant
the volunteer's cause, some volunteer volunteered for.	some volunteer	the volunteer
the donor's charity, some donor donated to.	some donor	the donor
