Johnson's guest, the student helped.	the student	Johnson
Smith's collection, the artist painted.	the artist	Smith
Brown's project, the chef cooked.	the chef	Brown
Davis's protégé, the dancer impressed.	the dancer	Davis
Miller's client, the writer inspired.	the writer	Miller
Wilson's manuscript, the athlete trained.	the athlete	Wilson
Moore's photoshoot, the musician composed.	the musician	Moore
Taylor's followers, the doctor treated.	the doctor	Taylor
Anderson's beat, the scientist discovered.	the scientist	Anderson
Thomas's team, the driver drove.	the driver	Thomas
Jackson's space, the teacher educated.	the teacher	Jackson
White's portfolio, the gardener planted.	the gardener	White
Harris's client, the engineer designed.	the engineer	Harris
Martin's outfit, the actor performed.	the actor	Martin
Thompson's funds, the photographer captured.	the photographer	Thompson
Martinez's till, the librarian organized.	the librarian	Martinez
Garcia's customer, the banker invested.	the banker	Garcia
Robinson's film, the tailor sewed.	the tailor	Robinson
Clark's peer, the pilot flew.	the pilot	Clark
Rodriguez's self-portrait, the lawyer defended.	the lawyer	Rodriguez
Lewis's own, the architect designed.	the architect	Lewis
Lee's audience, the chef cooked.	the chef	Lee
Walker's readers, the nurse cared for.	the nurse	Walker
Hall's partner, the farmer harvested.	the farmer	Hall
Allen's symphony, the plumber fixed.	the plumber	Allen
Young's patient, the cashier counted.	the cashier	Young
King's breakthrough, the painter painted.	the painter	King
Wright's vehicle, the therapist counseled.	the therapist	Wright
Scott's students, the singer sang to.	the singer	Scott
Green's flowers, the firefighter rescued.	the firefighter	Green
Adams's structure, the fisherman caught.	the fisherman	Adams
Baker's role, the bartender served.	the bartender	Baker
Gonzalez's moment, the waiter served.	the waiter	Gonzalez
Nelson's collection, the cashier counted.	the cashier	Nelson
Carter's funds, the receptionist greeted.	the receptionist	Carter
Mitchell's garment, the athlete trained.	the athlete	Mitchell
Perez's aircraft, the journalist reported on.	the journalist	Perez
Roberts's client, the soldier fought.	the soldier	Roberts
Turner's blueprint, the scientist researched.	the scientist	Turner
Phillips's dish, the musician played for.	the musician	Phillips
Campbell's patient, the dancer danced for.	the dancer	Campbell
Parker's crops, the explorer discovered.	the explorer	Parker
Evans's pipes, the manager managed.	the manager	Evans
Edwards's money, the coach trained.	the coach	Edwards
Collins's canvas, the cleaner cleaned.	the cleaner	Collins
Stewart's patient, the politician campaigned for.	the politician	Stewart
Sanchez's audience, the driver drove.	the driver	Sanchez
Morris's comrade, the gamer played against.	the gamer	Morris
Rogers's fish, the analyst analyzed.	the analyst	Rogers
Cook's drink, the CEO led.	the CEO	Cook
Reed's table, the receptionist greeted.	the receptionist	Reed
Morgan's change, the librarian organized.	the librarian	Morgan
Bell's visitor, the programmer coded for.	the programmer	Bell
Cooper's teammate, the mentor mentored.	the mentor	Cooper
Richardson's story, the consultant advised.	the consultant	Richardson
Cox's enemy, the editor edited.	the editor	Cox
Howard's topic, the model posed for.	the model	Howard
Ward's fans, the influencer influenced.	the influencer	Ward
Torres's troupe, the officer patrolled.	the officer	Torres
Peterson's path, the coach coached.	the coach	Peterson
Gray's team, the cleaner cleaned.	the cleaner	Gray
Ramirez's players, the artist created for.	the artist	Ramirez
James's space, the designer designed for.	the designer	James
Watson's election, the stylist styled.	the stylist	Watson
Brooks's route, the banker invested.	the banker	Brooks
Kelly's opponent, the cashier counted.	the cashier	Kelly
Sanders's data, the clerk assisted.	the clerk	Sanders
Price's company, the director directed.	the director	Price
Bennett's show, the producer produced for.	the producer	Bennett
Wood's publication, the writer wrote for.	the writer	Wood
Barnes's story, the journalist reported on.	the journalist	Barnes
Ross's review, the critic critiqued.	the critic	Ross
Henderson's application, the developer developed for.	the developer	Henderson
Coleman's startup, the entrepreneur founded.	the entrepreneur	Coleman
Jenkins's event, the host hosted.	the host	Jenkins
Perry's company, the CEO led.	the CEO	Perry
Powell's department, the manager managed.	the manager	Powell
Long's customer, the salesperson sold to.	the salesperson	Long
Patterson's campaign, the marketer marketed for.	the marketer	Patterson
Hughes's supervisor, the intern interned for.	the intern	Hughes
Flores's data, the analyst analyzed.	the analyst	Flores
Washington's topic, the researcher researched.	the researcher	Washington
Butler's experiment, the scientist researched.	the scientist	Butler
Johnson's class, the professor taught.	the professor	Johnson
Martinez's subject, the student studied.	the student	Martinez
Robinson's patient, the doctor treated.	the doctor	Robinson
Thompson's patient, the nurse cared for.	the nurse	Thompson
Clark's client, the therapist counseled.	the therapist	Clark
Rodriguez's doctor, the patient consulted.	the patient	Rodriguez
Lewis's client, the therapist counseled.	the therapist	Lewis
Lee's doctor, the patient consulted.	the patient	Lee
Walker's advisor, the client consulted.	the client	Walker
Hall's client, the attorney represented.	the attorney	Hall
Allen's case, the defendant defended.	the defendant	Allen
Young's trial, the judge judged.	the judge	Young
King's case, the witness testified for.	the witness	King
Wright's hypothesis, the researcher researched.	the researcher	Wright
Green's study, the participant participated for.	the participant	Green
Adams's cause, the volunteer volunteered for.	the volunteer	Adams
Baker's charity, the donor donated to.	the donor	Baker
