his guest helped the student.	the student	his
his collection painted the artist.	the artist	his
his project cooked the chef.	the chef	his
his protégé impressed the dancer.	the dancer	his
his client inspired the writer.	the writer	his
his manuscript trained the athlete.	the athlete	his
his photoshoot composed the musician.	the musician	his
his followers treated the doctor.	the doctor	his
his beat discovered the scientist.	the scientist	his
his team drove the driver.	the driver	his
his space educated the teacher.	the teacher	his
his portfolio planted the gardener.	the gardener	his
his client designed the engineer.	the engineer	his
his outfit performed the actor.	the actor	his
his funds captured the photographer.	the photographer	his
his till organized the librarian.	the librarian	his
his customer invested the banker.	the banker	his
his film sewed the tailor.	the tailor	his
his peer flew the pilot.	the pilot	his
his self-portrait defended the lawyer.	the lawyer	his
his own designed the architect.	the architect	his
his audience cooked the chef.	the chef	his
his readers cared for the nurse.	the nurse	his
his partner harvested the farmer.	the farmer	his
his symphony fixed the plumber.	the plumber	his
his patient counted the cashier.	the cashier	his
his breakthrough painted the painter.	the painter	his
his vehicle counseled the therapist.	the therapist	his
his students sang to the singer.	the singer	his
his flowers rescued the firefighter.	the firefighter	his
his structure caught the fisherman.	the fisherman	his
his role served the bartender.	the bartender	his
his moment served the waiter.	the waiter	his
his collection counted the cashier.	the cashier	his
his funds greeted the receptionist.	the receptionist	his
his garment trained the athlete.	the athlete	his
his aircraft reported on the journalist.	the journalist	his
his client fought the soldier.	the soldier	his
his blueprint researched the scientist.	the scientist	his
his dish played for the musician.	the musician	his
his patient danced for the dancer.	the dancer	his
his crops discovered the explorer.	the explorer	his
his pipes managed the manager.	the manager	his
his money trained the coach.	the coach	his
his canvas cleaned the cleaner.	the cleaner	his
his patient campaigned for the politician.	the politician	his
his audience drove the driver.	the driver	his
his comrade played against the gamer.	the gamer	his
his fish analyzed the analyst.	the analyst	his
his drink led the CEO.	the CEO	his
his table greeted the receptionist.	the receptionist	his
his change organized the librarian.	the librarian	his
his visitor coded for the programmer.	the programmer	his
his teammate mentored the mentor.	the mentor	his
his story advised the consultant.	the consultant	his
his enemy edited the editor.	the editor	his
his topic posed for the model.	the model	his
his fans influenced the influencer.	the influencer	his
his troupe patrolled the officer.	the officer	his
his path coached the coach.	the coach	his
his team cleaned the cleaner.	the cleaner	his
his players created for the artist.	the artist	his
his space designed for the designer.	the designer	his
his election styled the stylist.	the stylist	his
his route invested the banker.	the banker	his
his opponent counted the cashier.	the cashier	his
his data assisted the clerk.	the clerk	his
his company directed the director.	the director	his
his show produced for the producer.	the producer	his
his publication wrote for the writer.	the writer	his
his story reported on the journalist.	the journalist	his
his review critiqued the critic.	the critic	his
his application developed for the developer.	the developer	his
his startup founded the entrepreneur.	the entrepreneur	his
his event hosted the host.	the host	his
his company led the CEO.	the CEO	his
his department managed the manager.	the manager	his
his customer sold to the salesperson.	the salesperson	his
his campaign marketed for the marketer.	the marketer	his
his supervisor interned for the intern.	the intern	his
his data analyzed the analyst.	the analyst	his
his topic researched the researcher.	the researcher	his
his experiment researched the scientist.	the scientist	his
his class taught the professor.	the professor	his
his subject studied the student.	the student	his
his patient treated the doctor.	the doctor	his
his patient cared for the nurse.	the nurse	his
his client counseled the therapist.	the therapist	his
his doctor consulted the patient.	the patient	his
his client counseled the therapist.	the therapist	his
his doctor consulted the patient.	the patient	his
his advisor consulted the client.	the client	his
his client represented the attorney.	the attorney	his
his case defended the defendant.	the defendant	his
his trial judged the judge.	the judge	his
his case testified for the witness.	the witness	his
his hypothesis researched the researcher.	the researcher	his
his study participated for the participant.	the participant	his
his cause volunteered for the volunteer.	the volunteer	his
his charity donated to the donor.	the donor	his
