Johnson helped the student.	the student	Johnson
Smith painted the artist.	the artist	Smith
Brown cooked the chef.	the chef	Brown
Davis impressed the dancer.	the dancer	Davis
Miller inspired the writer.	the writer	Miller
Wilson trained the athlete.	the athlete	Wilson
Moore composed the musician.	the musician	Moore
Taylor treated the doctor.	the doctor	Taylor
Anderson discovered the scientist.	the scientist	Anderson
Thomas drove the driver.	the driver	Thomas
Jackson educated the teacher.	the teacher	Jackson
White planted the gardener.	the gardener	White
Harris designed the engineer.	the engineer	Harris
Martin performed the actor.	the actor	Martin
Thompson captured the photographer.	the photographer	Thompson
Martinez organized the librarian.	the librarian	Martinez
Garcia invested the banker.	the banker	Garcia
Robinson sewed the tailor.	the tailor	Robinson
Clark flew the pilot.	the pilot	Clark
Rodriguez defended the lawyer.	the lawyer	Rodriguez
Lewis designed the architect.	the architect	Lewis
Lee cooked the chef.	the chef	Lee
Walker cared for the nurse.	the nurse	Walker
Hall harvested the farmer.	the farmer	Hall
Allen fixed the plumber.	the plumber	Allen
Young counted the cashier.	the cashier	Young
King painted the painter.	the painter	King
Wright counseled the therapist.	the therapist	Wright
Scott sang to the singer.	the singer	Scott
Green rescued the firefighter.	the firefighter	Green
Adams caught the fisherman.	the fisherman	Adams
Baker served the bartender.	the bartender	Baker
Gonzalez served the waiter.	the waiter	Gonzalez
Nelson counted the cashier.	the cashier	Nelson
Carter greeted the receptionist.	the receptionist	Carter
Mitchell trained the athlete.	the athlete	Mitchell
Perez reported on the journalist.	the journalist	Perez
Roberts fought the soldier.	the soldier	Roberts
Turner researched the scientist.	the scientist	Turner
Phillips played for the musician.	the musician	Phillips
Campbell danced for the dancer.	the dancer	Campbell
Parker discovered the explorer.	the explorer	Parker
Evans managed the manager.	the manager	Evans
Edwards trained the coach.	the coach	Edwards
Collins cleaned the cleaner.	the cleaner	Collins
Stewart campaigned for the politician.	the politician	Stewart
Sanchez drove the driver.	the driver	Sanchez
Morris played against the gamer.	the gamer	Morris
Rogers analyzed the analyst.	the analyst	Rogers
Cook led the CEO.	the CEO	Cook
Reed greeted the receptionist.	the receptionist	Reed
Morgan organized the librarian.	the librarian	Morgan
Bell coded for the programmer.	the programmer	Bell
Cooper mentored the mentor.	the mentor	Cooper
Richardson advised the consultant.	the consultant	Richardson
Cox edited the editor.	the editor	Cox
Howard posed for the model.	the model	Howard
Ward influenced the influencer.	the influencer	Ward
Torres patrolled the officer.	the officer	Torres
Peterson coached the coach.	the coach	Peterson
Gray cleaned the cleaner.	the cleaner	Gray
Ramirez created for the artist.	the artist	Ramirez
James designed for the designer.	the designer	James
Watson styled the stylist.	the stylist	Watson
Brooks invested the banker.	the banker	Brooks
Kelly counted the cashier.	the cashier	Kelly
Sanders assisted the clerk.	the clerk	Sanders
Price directed the director.	the director	Price
Bennett produced for the producer.	the producer	Bennett
Wood wrote for the writer.	the writer	Wood
Barnes reported on the journalist.	the journalist	Barnes
Ross critiqued the critic.	the critic	Ross
Henderson developed for the developer.	the developer	Henderson
Coleman founded the entrepreneur.	the entrepreneur	Coleman
Jenkins hosted the host.	the host	Jenkins
Perry led the CEO.	the CEO	Perry
Powell managed the manager.	the manager	Powell
Long sold to the salesperson.	the salesperson	Long
Patterson marketed for the marketer.	the marketer	Patterson
Hughes interned for the intern.	the intern	Hughes
Flores analyzed the analyst.	the analyst	Flores
Washington researched the researcher.	the researcher	Washington
Butler researched the scientist.	the scientist	Butler
Johnson taught the professor.	the professor	Johnson
Martinez studied the student.	the student	Martinez
Robinson treated the doctor.	the doctor	Robinson
Thompson cared for the nurse.	the nurse	Thompson
Clark counseled the therapist.	the therapist	Clark
Rodriguez consulted the patient.	the patient	Rodriguez
Lewis counseled the therapist.	the therapist	Lewis
Lee consulted the patient.	the patient	Lee
Walker consulted the client.	the client	Walker
Hall represented the attorney.	the attorney	Hall
Allen defended the defendant.	the defendant	Allen
Young judged the judge.	the judge	Young
King testified for the witness.	the witness	King
Wright researched the researcher.	the researcher	Wright
Green participated for the participant.	the participant	Green
Adams volunteered for the volunteer.	the volunteer	Adams
Baker donated to the donor.	the donor	Baker
