the student's guest helped some student.	some student	the student
the artist's collection painted some artist.	some artist	the artist
the chef's project cooked some chef.	some chef	the chef
the dancer's protégé impressed some dancer.	some dancer	the dancer
the writer's client inspired some writer.	some writer	the writer
the athlete's manuscript trained some athlete.	some athlete	the athlete
the musician's photoshoot composed some musician.	some musician	the musician
the doctor's followers treated some doctor.	some doctor	the doctor
the scientist's beat discovered some scientist.	some scientist	the scientist
the driver's team drove some driver.	some driver	the driver
the teacher's space educated some teacher.	some teacher	the teacher
the gardener's portfolio planted some gardener.	some gardener	the gardener
the engineer's client designed some engineer.	some engineer	the engineer
the actor's outfit performed some actor.	some actor	the actor
the photographer's funds captured some photographer.	some photographer	the photographer
the librarian's till organized some librarian.	some librarian	the librarian
the banker's customer invested some banker.	some banker	the banker
the tailor's film sewed some tailor.	some tailor	the tailor
the pilot's peer flew some pilot.	some pilot	the pilot
the lawyer's self-portrait defended some lawyer.	some lawyer	the lawyer
the architect's own designed some architect.	some architect	the architect
the chef's audience cooked some chef.	some chef	the chef
the nurse's readers cared for some nurse.	some nurse	the nurse
the farmer's partner harvested some farmer.	some farmer	the farmer
the plumber's symphony fixed some plumber.	some plumber	the plumber
the cashier's patient counted some cashier.	some cashier	the cashier
the painter's breakthrough painted some painter.	some painter	the painter
the therapist's vehicle counseled some therapist.	some therapist	the therapist
the singer's students sang to some singer.	some singer	the singer
the firefighter's flowers rescued some firefighter.	some firefighter	the firefighter
the fisherman's structure caught some fisherman.	some fisherman	the fisherman
the bartender's role served some bartender.	some bartender	the bartender
the waiter's moment served some waiter.	some waiter	the waiter
the cashier's collection counted some cashier.	some cashier	the cashier
the receptionist's funds greeted some receptionist.	some receptionist	the receptionist
the athlete's garment trained some athlete.	some athlete	the athlete
the journalist's aircraft reported on some journalist.	some journalist	the journalist
the soldier's client fought some soldier.	some soldier	the soldier
the scientist's blueprint researched some scientist.	some scientist	the scientist
the musician's dish played for some musician.	some musician	the musician
the dancer's patient danced for some dancer.	some dancer	the dancer
the explorer's crops discovered some explorer.	some explorer	the explorer
the manager's pipes managed some manager.	some manager	the manager
the coach's money trained some coach.	some coach	the coach
the cleaner's canvas cleaned some cleaner.	some cleaner	the cleaner
the politician's patient campaigned for some politician.	some politician	the politician
the driver's audience drove some driver.	some driver	the driver
the gamer's comrade played against some gamer.	some gamer	the gamer
the analyst's fish analyzed some analyst.	some analyst	the analyst
the CEO's drink led some CEO.	some CEO	the CEO
the receptionist's table greeted some receptionist.	some receptionist	the receptionist
the librarian's change organized some librarian.	some librarian	the librarian
the programmer's visitor coded for some programmer.	some programmer	the programmer
the mentor's teammate mentored some mentor.	some mentor	the mentor
the consultant's story advised some consultant.	some consultant	the consultant
the editor's enemy edited some editor.	some editor	the editor
the model's topic posed for some model.	some model	the model
the influencer's fans influenced some influencer.	some influencer	the influencer
the officer's troupe patrolled some officer.	some officer	the officer
the coach's path coached some coach.	some coach	the coach
the cleaner's team cleaned some cleaner.	some cleaner	the cleaner
the artist's players created for some artist.	some artist	the artist
the designer's space designed for some designer.	some designer	the designer
the stylist's election styled some stylist.	some stylist	the stylist
the banker's route invested some banker.	some banker	the banker
the cashier's opponent counted some cashier.	some cashier	the cashier
the clerk's data assisted some clerk.	some clerk	the clerk
the director's company directed some director.	some director	the director
the producer's show produced for some producer.	some producer	the producer
the writer's publication wrote for some writer.	some writer	the writer
the journalist's story reported on some journalist.	some journalist	the journalist
the critic's review critiqued some critic.	some critic	the critic
the developer's application developed for some developer.	some developer	the developer
the entrepreneur's startup founded some entrepreneur.	some entrepreneur	the entrepreneur
the host's event hosted some host.	some host	the host
the CEO's company led some CEO.	some CEO	the CEO
the manager's department managed some manager.	some manager	the manager
the salesperson's customer sold to some salesperson.	some salesperson	the salesperson
the marketer's campaign marketed for some marketer.	some marketer	the marketer
the intern's supervisor interned for some intern.	some intern	the intern
the analyst's data analyzed some analyst.	some analyst	the analyst
the researcher's topic researched some researcher.	some researcher	the researcher
the scientist's experiment researched some scientist.	some scientist	the scientist
the professor's class taught some professor.	some professor	the professor
the student's subject studied some student.	some student	the student
the doctor's patient treated some doctor.	some doctor	the doctor
the nurse's patient cared for some nurse.	some nurse	the nurse
the therapist's client counseled some therapist.	some therapist	the therapist
the patient's doctor consulted some patient.	some patient	the patient
the therapist's client counseled some therapist.	some therapist	the therapist
the patient's doctor consulted some patient.	some patient	the patient
the client's advisor consulted some client.	some client	the client
the attorney's client represented some attorney.	some attorney	the attorney
the defendant's case defended some defendant.	some defendant	the defendant
the judge's trial judged some judge.	some judge	the judge
the witness's case testified for some witness.	some witness	the witness
the researcher's hypothesis researched some researcher.	some researcher	the researcher
the participant's study participated for some participant.	some participant	the participant
the volunteer's cause volunteered for some volunteer.	some volunteer	the volunteer
the donor's charity donated to some donor.	some donor	the donor
