the student's guest helped the student.	the student	the student
the artist's collection painted the artist.	the artist	the artist
the chef's project cooked the chef.	the chef	the chef
the dancer's protégé impressed the dancer.	the dancer	the dancer
the writer's client inspired the writer.	the writer	the writer
the athlete's manuscript trained the athlete.	the athlete	the athlete
the musician's photoshoot composed the musician.	the musician	the musician
the doctor's followers treated the doctor.	the doctor	the doctor
the scientist's beat discovered the scientist.	the scientist	the scientist
the driver's team drove the driver.	the driver	the driver
the teacher's space educated the teacher.	the teacher	the teacher
the gardener's portfolio planted the gardener.	the gardener	the gardener
the engineer's client designed the engineer.	the engineer	the engineer
the actor's outfit performed the actor.	the actor	the actor
the photographer's funds captured the photographer.	the photographer	the photographer
the librarian's till organized the librarian.	the librarian	the librarian
the banker's customer invested the banker.	the banker	the banker
the tailor's film sewed the tailor.	the tailor	the tailor
the pilot's peer flew the pilot.	the pilot	the pilot
the lawyer's self-portrait defended the lawyer.	the lawyer	the lawyer
the architect's own designed the architect.	the architect	the architect
the chef's audience cooked the chef.	the chef	the chef
the nurse's readers cared for the nurse.	the nurse	the nurse
the farmer's partner harvested the farmer.	the farmer	the farmer
the plumber's symphony fixed the plumber.	the plumber	the plumber
the cashier's patient counted the cashier.	the cashier	the cashier
the painter's breakthrough painted the painter.	the painter	the painter
the therapist's vehicle counseled the therapist.	the therapist	the therapist
the singer's students sang to the singer.	the singer	the singer
the firefighter's flowers rescued the firefighter.	the firefighter	the firefighter
the fisherman's structure caught the fisherman.	the fisherman	the fisherman
the bartender's role served the bartender.	the bartender	the bartender
the waiter's moment served the waiter.	the waiter	the waiter
the cashier's collection counted the cashier.	the cashier	the cashier
the receptionist's funds greeted the receptionist.	the receptionist	the receptionist
the athlete's garment trained the athlete.	the athlete	the athlete
the journalist's aircraft reported on the journalist.	the journalist	the journalist
the soldier's client fought the soldier.	the soldier	the soldier
the scientist's blueprint researched the scientist.	the scientist	the scientist
the musician's dish played for the musician.	the musician	the musician
the dancer's patient danced for the dancer.	the dancer	the dancer
the explorer's crops discovered the explorer.	the explorer	the explorer
the manager's pipes managed the manager.	the manager	the manager
the coach's money trained the coach.	the coach	the coach
the cleaner's canvas cleaned the cleaner.	the cleaner	the cleaner
the politician's patient campaigned for the politician.	the politician	the politician
the driver's audience drove the driver.	the driver	the driver
the gamer's comrade played against the gamer.	the gamer	the gamer
the analyst's fish analyzed the analyst.	the analyst	the analyst
the CEO's drink led the CEO.	the CEO	the CEO
the receptionist's table greeted the receptionist.	the receptionist	the receptionist
the librarian's change organized the librarian.	the librarian	the librarian
the programmer's visitor coded for the programmer.	the programmer	the programmer
the mentor's teammate mentored the mentor.	the mentor	the mentor
the consultant's story advised the consultant.	the consultant	the consultant
the editor's enemy edited the editor.	the editor	the editor
the model's topic posed for the model.	the model	the model
the influencer's fans influenced the influencer.	the influencer	the influencer
the officer's troupe patrolled the officer.	the officer	the officer
the coach's path coached the coach.	the coach	the coach
the cleaner's team cleaned the cleaner.	the cleaner	the cleaner
the artist's players created for the artist.	the artist	the artist
the designer's space designed for the designer.	the designer	the designer
the stylist's election styled the stylist.	the stylist	the stylist
the banker's route invested the banker.	the banker	the banker
the cashier's opponent counted the cashier.	the cashier	the cashier
the clerk's data assisted the clerk.	the clerk	the clerk
the director's company directed the director.	the director	the director
the producer's show produced for the producer.	the producer	the producer
the writer's publication wrote for the writer.	the writer	the writer
the journalist's story reported on the journalist.	the journalist	the journalist
the critic's review critiqued the critic.	the critic	the critic
the developer's application developed for the developer.	the developer	the developer
the entrepreneur's startup founded the entrepreneur.	the entrepreneur	the entrepreneur
the host's event hosted the host.	the host	the host
the CEO's company led the CEO.	the CEO	the CEO
the manager's department managed the manager.	the manager	the manager
the salesperson's customer sold to the salesperson.	the salesperson	the salesperson
the marketer's campaign marketed for the marketer.	the marketer	the marketer
the intern's supervisor interned for the intern.	the intern	the intern
the analyst's data analyzed the analyst.	the analyst	the analyst
the researcher's topic researched the researcher.	the researcher	the researcher
the scientist's experiment researched the scientist.	the scientist	the scientist
the professor's class taught the professor.	the professor	the professor
the student's subject studied the student.	the student	the student
the doctor's patient treated the doctor.	the doctor	the doctor
the nurse's patient cared for the nurse.	the nurse	the nurse
the therapist's client counseled the therapist.	the therapist	the therapist
the patient's doctor consulted the patient.	the patient	the patient
the therapist's client counseled the therapist.	the therapist	the therapist
the patient's doctor consulted the patient.	the patient	the patient
the client's advisor consulted the client.	the client	the client
the attorney's client represented the attorney.	the attorney	the attorney
the defendant's case defended the defendant.	the defendant	the defendant
the judge's trial judged the judge.	the judge	the judge
the witness's case testified for the witness.	the witness	the witness
the researcher's hypothesis researched the researcher.	the researcher	the researcher
the participant's study participated for the participant.	the participant	the participant
the volunteer's cause volunteered for the volunteer.	the volunteer	the volunteer
the donor's charity donated to the donor.	the donor	the donor
