the student helped he.	he	the student
the artist painted he.	he	the artist
the chef cooked he.	he	the chef
the dancer impressed he.	he	the dancer
the writer inspired he.	he	the writer
the athlete trained he.	he	the athlete
the musician composed he.	he	the musician
the doctor treated he.	he	the doctor
the scientist discovered he.	he	the scientist
the driver drove he.	he	the driver
the teacher educated he.	he	the teacher
the gardener planted he.	he	the gardener
the engineer designed he.	he	the engineer
the actor performed he.	he	the actor
the photographer captured he.	he	the photographer
the librarian organized he.	he	the librarian
the banker invested he.	he	the banker
the tailor sewed he.	he	the tailor
the pilot flew he.	he	the pilot
the lawyer defended he.	he	the lawyer
the architect designed he.	he	the architect
the chef cooked he.	he	the chef
the nurse cared for he.	he	the nurse
the farmer harvested he.	he	the farmer
the plumber fixed he.	he	the plumber
the cashier counted he.	he	the cashier
the painter painted he.	he	the painter
the therapist counseled he.	he	the therapist
the singer sang to he.	he	the singer
the firefighter rescued he.	he	the firefighter
the fisherman caught he.	he	the fisherman
the bartender served he.	he	the bartender
the waiter served he.	he	the waiter
the cashier counted he.	he	the cashier
the receptionist greeted he.	he	the receptionist
the athlete trained he.	he	the athlete
the journalist reported on he.	he	the journalist
the soldier fought he.	he	the soldier
the scientist researched he.	he	the scientist
the musician played for he.	he	the musician
the dancer danced for he.	he	the dancer
the explorer discovered he.	he	the explorer
the manager managed he.	he	the manager
the coach trained he.	he	the coach
the cleaner cleaned he.	he	the cleaner
the politician campaigned for he.	he	the politician
the driver drove he.	he	the driver
the gamer played against he.	he	the gamer
the analyst analyzed he.	he	the analyst
the CEO led he.	he	the CEO
the receptionist greeted he.	he	the receptionist
the librarian organized he.	he	the librarian
the programmer coded for he.	he	the programmer
the mentor mentored he.	he	the mentor
the consultant advised he.	he	the consultant
the editor edited he.	he	the editor
the model posed for he.	he	the model
the influencer influenced he.	he	the influencer
the officer patrolled he.	he	the officer
the coach coached he.	he	the coach
the cleaner cleaned he.	he	the cleaner
the artist created for he.	he	the artist
the designer designed for he.	he	the designer
the stylist styled he.	he	the stylist
the banker invested he.	he	the banker
the cashier counted he.	he	the cashier
the clerk assisted he.	he	the clerk
the director directed he.	he	the director
the producer produced for he.	he	the producer
the writer wrote for he.	he	the writer
the journalist reported on he.	he	the journalist
the critic critiqued he.	he	the critic
the developer developed for he.	he	the developer
the entrepreneur founded he.	he	the entrepreneur
the host hosted he.	he	the host
the CEO led he.	he	the CEO
the manager managed he.	he	the manager
the salesperson sold to he.	he	the salesperson
the marketer marketed for he.	he	the marketer
the intern interned for he.	he	the intern
the analyst analyzed he.	he	the analyst
the researcher researched he.	he	the researcher
the scientist researched he.	he	the scientist
the professor taught he.	he	the professor
the student studied he.	he	the student
the doctor treated he.	he	the doctor
the nurse cared for he.	he	the nurse
the therapist counseled he.	he	the therapist
the patient consulted he.	he	the patient
the therapist counseled he.	he	the therapist
the patient consulted he.	he	the patient
the client consulted he.	he	the client
the attorney represented he.	he	the attorney
the defendant defended he.	he	the defendant
the judge judged he.	he	the judge
the witness testified for he.	he	the witness
the researcher researched he.	he	the researcher
the participant participated for he.	he	the participant
the volunteer volunteered for he.	he	the volunteer
the donor donated to he.	he	the donor
