him helped the student.	the student	him
him painted the artist.	the artist	him
him cooked the chef.	the chef	him
him impressed the dancer.	the dancer	him
him inspired the writer.	the writer	him
him trained the athlete.	the athlete	him
him composed the musician.	the musician	him
him treated the doctor.	the doctor	him
him discovered the scientist.	the scientist	him
him drove the driver.	the driver	him
him educated the teacher.	the teacher	him
him planted the gardener.	the gardener	him
him designed the engineer.	the engineer	him
him performed the actor.	the actor	him
him captured the photographer.	the photographer	him
him organized the librarian.	the librarian	him
him invested the banker.	the banker	him
him sewed the tailor.	the tailor	him
him flew the pilot.	the pilot	him
him defended the lawyer.	the lawyer	him
him designed the architect.	the architect	him
him cooked the chef.	the chef	him
him cared for the nurse.	the nurse	him
him harvested the farmer.	the farmer	him
him fixed the plumber.	the plumber	him
him counted the cashier.	the cashier	him
him painted the painter.	the painter	him
him counseled the therapist.	the therapist	him
him sang to the singer.	the singer	him
him rescued the firefighter.	the firefighter	him
him caught the fisherman.	the fisherman	him
him served the bartender.	the bartender	him
him served the waiter.	the waiter	him
him counted the cashier.	the cashier	him
him greeted the receptionist.	the receptionist	him
him trained the athlete.	the athlete	him
him reported on the journalist.	the journalist	him
him fought the soldier.	the soldier	him
him researched the scientist.	the scientist	him
him played for the musician.	the musician	him
him danced for the dancer.	the dancer	him
him discovered the explorer.	the explorer	him
him managed the manager.	the manager	him
him trained the coach.	the coach	him
him cleaned the cleaner.	the cleaner	him
him campaigned for the politician.	the politician	him
him drove the driver.	the driver	him
him played against the gamer.	the gamer	him
him analyzed the analyst.	the analyst	him
him led the CEO.	the CEO	him
him greeted the receptionist.	the receptionist	him
him organized the librarian.	the librarian	him
him coded for the programmer.	the programmer	him
him mentored the mentor.	the mentor	him
him advised the consultant.	the consultant	him
him edited the editor.	the editor	him
him posed for the model.	the model	him
him influenced the influencer.	the influencer	him
him patrolled the officer.	the officer	him
him coached the coach.	the coach	him
him cleaned the cleaner.	the cleaner	him
him created for the artist.	the artist	him
him designed for the designer.	the designer	him
him styled the stylist.	the stylist	him
him invested the banker.	the banker	him
him counted the cashier.	the cashier	him
him assisted the clerk.	the clerk	him
him directed the director.	the director	him
him produced for the producer.	the producer	him
him wrote for the writer.	the writer	him
him reported on the journalist.	the journalist	him
him critiqued the critic.	the critic	him
him developed for the developer.	the developer	him
him founded the entrepreneur.	the entrepreneur	him
him hosted the host.	the host	him
him led the CEO.	the CEO	him
him managed the manager.	the manager	him
him sold to the salesperson.	the salesperson	him
him marketed for the marketer.	the marketer	him
him interned for the intern.	the intern	him
him analyzed the analyst.	the analyst	him
him researched the researcher.	the researcher	him
him researched the scientist.	the scientist	him
him taught the professor.	the professor	him
him studied the student.	the student	him
him treated the doctor.	the doctor	him
him cared for the nurse.	the nurse	him
him counseled the therapist.	the therapist	him
him consulted the patient.	the patient	him
him counseled the therapist.	the therapist	him
him consulted the patient.	the patient	him
him consulted the client.	the client	him
him represented the attorney.	the attorney	him
him defended the defendant.	the defendant	him
him judged the judge.	the judge	him
him testified for the witness.	the witness	him
him researched the researcher.	the researcher	him
him participated for the participant.	the participant	him
him volunteered for the volunteer.	the volunteer	him
him donated to the donor.	the donor	him
