the student helped some student.	some student	the student
the artist painted some artist.	some artist	the artist
the chef cooked some chef.	some chef	the chef
the dancer impressed some dancer.	some dancer	the dancer
the writer inspired some writer.	some writer	the writer
the athlete trained some athlete.	some athlete	the athlete
the musician composed some musician.	some musician	the musician
the doctor treated some doctor.	some doctor	the doctor
the scientist discovered some scientist.	some scientist	the scientist
the driver drove some driver.	some driver	the driver
the teacher educated some teacher.	some teacher	the teacher
the gardener planted some gardener.	some gardener	the gardener
the engineer designed some engineer.	some engineer	the engineer
the actor performed some actor.	some actor	the actor
the photographer captured some photographer.	some photographer	the photographer
the librarian organized some librarian.	some librarian	the librarian
the banker invested some banker.	some banker	the banker
the tailor sewed some tailor.	some tailor	the tailor
the pilot flew some pilot.	some pilot	the pilot
the lawyer defended some lawyer.	some lawyer	the lawyer
the architect designed some architect.	some architect	the architect
the chef cooked some chef.	some chef	the chef
the nurse cared for some nurse.	some nurse	the nurse
the farmer harvested some farmer.	some farmer	the farmer
the plumber fixed some plumber.	some plumber	the plumber
the cashier counted some cashier.	some cashier	the cashier
the painter painted some painter.	some painter	the painter
the therapist counseled some therapist.	some therapist	the therapist
the singer sang to some singer.	some singer	the singer
the firefighter rescued some firefighter.	some firefighter	the firefighter
the fisherman caught some fisherman.	some fisherman	the fisherman
the bartender served some bartender.	some bartender	the bartender
the waiter served some waiter.	some waiter	the waiter
the cashier counted some cashier.	some cashier	the cashier
the receptionist greeted some receptionist.	some receptionist	the receptionist
the athlete trained some athlete.	some athlete	the athlete
the journalist reported on some journalist.	some journalist	the journalist
the soldier fought some soldier.	some soldier	the soldier
the scientist researched some scientist.	some scientist	the scientist
the musician played for some musician.	some musician	the musician
the dancer danced for some dancer.	some dancer	the dancer
the explorer discovered some explorer.	some explorer	the explorer
the manager managed some manager.	some manager	the manager
the coach trained some coach.	some coach	the coach
the cleaner cleaned some cleaner.	some cleaner	the cleaner
the politician campaigned for some politician.	some politician	the politician
the driver drove some driver.	some driver	the driver
the gamer played against some gamer.	some gamer	the gamer
the analyst analyzed some analyst.	some analyst	the analyst
the CEO led some CEO.	some CEO	the CEO
the receptionist greeted some receptionist.	some receptionist	the receptionist
the librarian organized some librarian.	some librarian	the librarian
the programmer coded for some programmer.	some programmer	the programmer
the mentor mentored some mentor.	some mentor	the mentor
the consultant advised some consultant.	some consultant	the consultant
the editor edited some editor.	some editor	the editor
the model posed for some model.	some model	the model
the influencer influenced some influencer.	some influencer	the influencer
the officer patrolled some officer.	some officer	the officer
the coach coached some coach.	some coach	the coach
the cleaner cleaned some cleaner.	some cleaner	the cleaner
the artist created for some artist.	some artist	the artist
the designer designed for some designer.	some designer	the designer
the stylist styled some stylist.	some stylist	the stylist
the banker invested some banker.	some banker	the banker
the cashier counted some cashier.	some cashier	the cashier
the clerk assisted some clerk.	some clerk	the clerk
the director directed some director.	some director	the director
the producer produced for some producer.	some producer	the producer
the writer wrote for some writer.	some writer	the writer
the journalist reported on some journalist.	some journalist	the journalist
the critic critiqued some critic.	some critic	the critic
the developer developed for some developer.	some developer	the developer
the entrepreneur founded some entrepreneur.	some entrepreneur	the entrepreneur
the host hosted some host.	some host	the host
the CEO led some CEO.	some CEO	the CEO
the manager managed some manager.	some manager	the manager
the salesperson sold to some salesperson.	some salesperson	the salesperson
the marketer marketed for some marketer.	some marketer	the marketer
the intern interned for some intern.	some intern	the intern
the analyst analyzed some analyst.	some analyst	the analyst
the researcher researched some researcher.	some researcher	the researcher
the scientist researched some scientist.	some scientist	the scientist
the professor taught some professor.	some professor	the professor
the student studied some student.	some student	the student
the doctor treated some doctor.	some doctor	the doctor
the nurse cared for some nurse.	some nurse	the nurse
the therapist counseled some therapist.	some therapist	the therapist
the patient consulted some patient.	some patient	the patient
the therapist counseled some therapist.	some therapist	the therapist
the patient consulted some patient.	some patient	the patient
the client consulted some client.	some client	the client
the attorney represented some attorney.	some attorney	the attorney
the defendant defended some defendant.	some defendant	the defendant
the judge judged some judge.	some judge	the judge
the witness testified for some witness.	some witness	the witness
the researcher researched some researcher.	some researcher	the researcher
the participant participated for some participant.	some participant	the participant
the volunteer volunteered for some volunteer.	some volunteer	the volunteer
the donor donated to some donor.	some donor	the donor
