the student helped every student.	every student	the student
the artist painted every artist.	every artist	the artist
the chef cooked every chef.	every chef	the chef
the dancer impressed every dancer.	every dancer	the dancer
the writer inspired every writer.	every writer	the writer
the athlete trained every athlete.	every athlete	the athlete
the musician composed every musician.	every musician	the musician
the doctor treated every doctor.	every doctor	the doctor
the scientist discovered every scientist.	every scientist	the scientist
the driver drove every driver.	every driver	the driver
the teacher educated every teacher.	every teacher	the teacher
the gardener planted every gardener.	every gardener	the gardener
the engineer designed every engineer.	every engineer	the engineer
the actor performed every actor.	every actor	the actor
the photographer captured every photographer.	every photographer	the photographer
the librarian organized every librarian.	every librarian	the librarian
the banker invested every banker.	every banker	the banker
the tailor sewed every tailor.	every tailor	the tailor
the pilot flew every pilot.	every pilot	the pilot
the lawyer defended every lawyer.	every lawyer	the lawyer
the architect designed every architect.	every architect	the architect
the chef cooked every chef.	every chef	the chef
the nurse cared for every nurse.	every nurse	the nurse
the farmer harvested every farmer.	every farmer	the farmer
the plumber fixed every plumber.	every plumber	the plumber
the cashier counted every cashier.	every cashier	the cashier
the painter painted every painter.	every painter	the painter
the therapist counseled every therapist.	every therapist	the therapist
the singer sang to every singer.	every singer	the singer
the firefighter rescued every firefighter.	every firefighter	the firefighter
the fisherman caught every fisherman.	every fisherman	the fisherman
the bartender served every bartender.	every bartender	the bartender
the waiter served every waiter.	every waiter	the waiter
the cashier counted every cashier.	every cashier	the cashier
the receptionist greeted every receptionist.	every receptionist	the receptionist
the athlete trained every athlete.	every athlete	the athlete
the journalist reported on every journalist.	every journalist	the journalist
the soldier fought every soldier.	every soldier	the soldier
the scientist researched every scientist.	every scientist	the scientist
the musician played for every musician.	every musician	the musician
the dancer danced for every dancer.	every dancer	the dancer
the explorer discovered every explorer.	every explorer	the explorer
the manager managed every manager.	every manager	the manager
the coach trained every coach.	every coach	the coach
the cleaner cleaned every cleaner.	every cleaner	the cleaner
the politician campaigned for every politician.	every politician	the politician
the driver drove every driver.	every driver	the driver
the gamer played against every gamer.	every gamer	the gamer
the analyst analyzed every analyst.	every analyst	the analyst
the CEO led every CEO.	every CEO	the CEO
the receptionist greeted every receptionist.	every receptionist	the receptionist
the librarian organized every librarian.	every librarian	the librarian
the programmer coded for every programmer.	every programmer	the programmer
the mentor mentored every mentor.	every mentor	the mentor
the consultant advised every consultant.	every consultant	the consultant
the editor edited every editor.	every editor	the editor
the model posed for every model.	every model	the model
the influencer influenced every influencer.	every influencer	the influencer
the officer patrolled every officer.	every officer	the officer
the coach coached every coach.	every coach	the coach
the cleaner cleaned every cleaner.	every cleaner	the cleaner
the artist created for every artist.	every artist	the artist
the designer designed for every designer.	every designer	the designer
the stylist styled every stylist.	every stylist	the stylist
the banker invested every banker.	every banker	the banker
the cashier counted every cashier.	every cashier	the cashier
the clerk assisted every clerk.	every clerk	the clerk
the director directed every director.	every director	the director
the producer produced for every producer.	every producer	the producer
the writer wrote for every writer.	every writer	the writer
the journalist reported on every journalist.	every journalist	the journalist
the critic critiqued every critic.	every critic	the critic
the developer developed for every developer.	every developer	the developer
the entrepreneur founded every entrepreneur.	every entrepreneur	the entrepreneur
the host hosted every host.	every host	the host
the CEO led every CEO.	every CEO	the CEO
the manager managed every manager.	every manager	the manager
the salesperson sold to every salesperson.	every salesperson	the salesperson
the marketer marketed for every marketer.	every marketer	the marketer
the intern interned for every intern.	every intern	the intern
the analyst analyzed every analyst.	every analyst	the analyst
the researcher researched every researcher.	every researcher	the researcher
the scientist researched every scientist.	every scientist	the scientist
the professor taught every professor.	every professor	the professor
the student studied every student.	every student	the student
the doctor treated every doctor.	every doctor	the doctor
the nurse cared for every nurse.	every nurse	the nurse
the therapist counseled every therapist.	every therapist	the therapist
the patient consulted every patient.	every patient	the patient
the therapist counseled every therapist.	every therapist	the therapist
the patient consulted every patient.	every patient	the patient
the client consulted every client.	every client	the client
the attorney represented every attorney.	every attorney	the attorney
the defendant defended every defendant.	every defendant	the defendant
the judge judged every judge.	every judge	the judge
the witness testified for every witness.	every witness	the witness
the researcher researched every researcher.	every researcher	the researcher
the participant participated for every participant.	every participant	the participant
the volunteer volunteered for every volunteer.	every volunteer	the volunteer
the donor donated to every donor.	every donor	the donor
