the student's guest helped every student.	every student	the student
the artist's collection painted every artist.	every artist	the artist
the chef's project cooked every chef.	every chef	the chef
the dancer's protégé impressed every dancer.	every dancer	the dancer
the writer's client inspired every writer.	every writer	the writer
the athlete's manuscript trained every athlete.	every athlete	the athlete
the musician's photoshoot composed every musician.	every musician	the musician
the doctor's followers treated every doctor.	every doctor	the doctor
the scientist's beat discovered every scientist.	every scientist	the scientist
the driver's team drove every driver.	every driver	the driver
the teacher's space educated every teacher.	every teacher	the teacher
the gardener's portfolio planted every gardener.	every gardener	the gardener
the engineer's client designed every engineer.	every engineer	the engineer
the actor's outfit performed every actor.	every actor	the actor
the photographer's funds captured every photographer.	every photographer	the photographer
the librarian's till organized every librarian.	every librarian	the librarian
the banker's customer invested every banker.	every banker	the banker
the tailor's film sewed every tailor.	every tailor	the tailor
the pilot's peer flew every pilot.	every pilot	the pilot
the lawyer's self-portrait defended every lawyer.	every lawyer	the lawyer
the architect's own designed every architect.	every architect	the architect
the chef's audience cooked every chef.	every chef	the chef
the nurse's readers cared for every nurse.	every nurse	the nurse
the farmer's partner harvested every farmer.	every farmer	the farmer
the plumber's symphony fixed every plumber.	every plumber	the plumber
the cashier's patient counted every cashier.	every cashier	the cashier
the painter's breakthrough painted every painter.	every painter	the painter
the therapist's vehicle counseled every therapist.	every therapist	the therapist
the singer's students sang to every singer.	every singer	the singer
the firefighter's flowers rescued every firefighter.	every firefighter	the firefighter
the fisherman's structure caught every fisherman.	every fisherman	the fisherman
the bartender's role served every bartender.	every bartender	the bartender
the waiter's moment served every waiter.	every waiter	the waiter
the cashier's collection counted every cashier.	every cashier	the cashier
the receptionist's funds greeted every receptionist.	every receptionist	the receptionist
the athlete's garment trained every athlete.	every athlete	the athlete
the journalist's aircraft reported on every journalist.	every journalist	the journalist
the soldier's client fought every soldier.	every soldier	the soldier
the scientist's blueprint researched every scientist.	every scientist	the scientist
the musician's dish played for every musician.	every musician	the musician
the dancer's patient danced for every dancer.	every dancer	the dancer
the explorer's crops discovered every explorer.	every explorer	the explorer
the manager's pipes managed every manager.	every manager	the manager
the coach's money trained every coach.	every coach	the coach
the cleaner's canvas cleaned every cleaner.	every cleaner	the cleaner
the politician's patient campaigned for every politician.	every politician	the politician
the driver's audience drove every driver.	every driver	the driver
the gamer's comrade played against every gamer.	every gamer	the gamer
the analyst's fish analyzed every analyst.	every analyst	the analyst
the CEO's drink led every CEO.	every CEO	the CEO
the receptionist's table greeted every receptionist.	every receptionist	the receptionist
the librarian's change organized every librarian.	every librarian	the librarian
the programmer's visitor coded for every programmer.	every programmer	the programmer
the mentor's teammate mentored every mentor.	every mentor	the mentor
the consultant's story advised every consultant.	every consultant	the consultant
the editor's enemy edited every editor.	every editor	the editor
the model's topic posed for every model.	every model	the model
the influencer's fans influenced every influencer.	every influencer	the influencer
the officer's troupe patrolled every officer.	every officer	the officer
the coach's path coached every coach.	every coach	the coach
the cleaner's team cleaned every cleaner.	every cleaner	the cleaner
the artist's players created for every artist.	every artist	the artist
the designer's space designed for every designer.	every designer	the designer
the stylist's election styled every stylist.	every stylist	the stylist
the banker's route invested every banker.	every banker	the banker
the cashier's opponent counted every cashier.	every cashier	the cashier
the clerk's data assisted every clerk.	every clerk	the clerk
the director's company directed every director.	every director	the director
the producer's show produced for every producer.	every producer	the producer
the writer's publication wrote for every writer.	every writer	the writer
the journalist's story reported on every journalist.	every journalist	the journalist
the critic's review critiqued every critic.	every critic	the critic
the developer's application developed for every developer.	every developer	the developer
the entrepreneur's startup founded every entrepreneur.	every entrepreneur	the entrepreneur
the host's event hosted every host.	every host	the host
the CEO's company led every CEO.	every CEO	the CEO
the manager's department managed every manager.	every manager	the manager
the salesperson's customer sold to every salesperson.	every salesperson	the salesperson
the marketer's campaign marketed for every marketer.	every marketer	the marketer
the intern's supervisor interned for every intern.	every intern	the intern
the analyst's data analyzed every analyst.	every analyst	the analyst
the researcher's topic researched every researcher.	every researcher	the researcher
the scientist's experiment researched every scientist.	every scientist	the scientist
the professor's class taught every professor.	every professor	the professor
the student's subject studied every student.	every student	the student
the doctor's patient treated every doctor.	every doctor	the doctor
the nurse's patient cared for every nurse.	every nurse	the nurse
the therapist's client counseled every therapist.	every therapist	the therapist
the patient's doctor consulted every patient.	every patient	the patient
the therapist's client counseled every therapist.	every therapist	the therapist
the patient's doctor consulted every patient.	every patient	the patient
the client's advisor consulted every client.	every client	the client
the attorney's client represented every attorney.	every attorney	the attorney
the defendant's case defended every defendant.	every defendant	the defendant
the judge's trial judged every judge.	every judge	the judge
the witness's case testified for every witness.	every witness	the witness
the researcher's hypothesis researched every researcher.	every researcher	the researcher
the participant's study participated for every participant.	every participant	the participant
the volunteer's cause volunteered for every volunteer.	every volunteer	the volunteer
the donor's charity donated to every donor.	every donor	the donor
