the student's guest helped he.	he	the student
the artist's collection painted he.	he	the artist
the chef's project cooked he.	he	the chef
the dancer's protégé impressed he.	he	the dancer
the writer's client inspired he.	he	the writer
the athlete's manuscript trained he.	he	the athlete
the musician's photoshoot composed he.	he	the musician
the doctor's followers treated he.	he	the doctor
the scientist's beat discovered he.	he	the scientist
the driver's team drove he.	he	the driver
the teacher's space educated he.	he	the teacher
the gardener's portfolio planted he.	he	the gardener
the engineer's client designed he.	he	the engineer
the actor's outfit performed he.	he	the actor
the photographer's funds captured he.	he	the photographer
the librarian's till organized he.	he	the librarian
the banker's customer invested he.	he	the banker
the tailor's film sewed he.	he	the tailor
the pilot's peer flew he.	he	the pilot
the lawyer's self-portrait defended he.	he	the lawyer
the architect's own designed he.	he	the architect
the chef's audience cooked he.	he	the chef
the nurse's readers cared for he.	he	the nurse
the farmer's partner harvested he.	he	the farmer
the plumber's symphony fixed he.	he	the plumber
the cashier's patient counted he.	he	the cashier
the painter's breakthrough painted he.	he	the painter
the therapist's vehicle counseled he.	he	the therapist
the singer's students sang to he.	he	the singer
the firefighter's flowers rescued he.	he	the firefighter
the fisherman's structure caught he.	he	the fisherman
the bartender's role served he.	he	the bartender
the waiter's moment served he.	he	the waiter
the cashier's collection counted he.	he	the cashier
the receptionist's funds greeted he.	he	the receptionist
the athlete's garment trained he.	he	the athlete
the journalist's aircraft reported on he.	he	the journalist
the soldier's client fought he.	he	the soldier
the scientist's blueprint researched he.	he	the scientist
the musician's dish played for he.	he	the musician
the dancer's patient danced for he.	he	the dancer
the explorer's crops discovered he.	he	the explorer
the manager's pipes managed he.	he	the manager
the coach's money trained he.	he	the coach
the cleaner's canvas cleaned he.	he	the cleaner
the politician's patient campaigned for he.	he	the politician
the driver's audience drove he.	he	the driver
the gamer's comrade played against he.	he	the gamer
the analyst's fish analyzed he.	he	the analyst
the CEO's drink led he.	he	the CEO
the receptionist's table greeted he.	he	the receptionist
the librarian's change organized he.	he	the librarian
the programmer's visitor coded for he.	he	the programmer
the mentor's teammate mentored he.	he	the mentor
the consultant's story advised he.	he	the consultant
the editor's enemy edited he.	he	the editor
the model's topic posed for he.	he	the model
the influencer's fans influenced he.	he	the influencer
the officer's troupe patrolled he.	he	the officer
the coach's path coached he.	he	the coach
the cleaner's team cleaned he.	he	the cleaner
the artist's players created for he.	he	the artist
the designer's space designed for he.	he	the designer
the stylist's election styled he.	he	the stylist
the banker's route invested he.	he	the banker
the cashier's opponent counted he.	he	the cashier
the clerk's data assisted he.	he	the clerk
the director's company directed he.	he	the director
the producer's show produced for he.	he	the producer
the writer's publication wrote for he.	he	the writer
the journalist's story reported on he.	he	the journalist
the critic's review critiqued he.	he	the critic
the developer's application developed for he.	he	the developer
the entrepreneur's startup founded he.	he	the entrepreneur
the host's event hosted he.	he	the host
the CEO's company led he.	he	the CEO
the manager's department managed he.	he	the manager
the salesperson's customer sold to he.	he	the salesperson
the marketer's campaign marketed for he.	he	the marketer
the intern's supervisor interned for he.	he	the intern
the analyst's data analyzed he.	he	the analyst
the researcher's topic researched he.	he	the researcher
the scientist's experiment researched he.	he	the scientist
the professor's class taught he.	he	the professor
the student's subject studied he.	he	the student
the doctor's patient treated he.	he	the doctor
the nurse's patient cared for he.	he	the nurse
the therapist's client counseled he.	he	the therapist
the patient's doctor consulted he.	he	the patient
the therapist's client counseled he.	he	the therapist
the patient's doctor consulted he.	he	the patient
the client's advisor consulted he.	he	the client
the attorney's client represented he.	he	the attorney
the defendant's case defended he.	he	the defendant
the judge's trial judged he.	he	the judge
the witness's case testified for he.	he	the witness
the researcher's hypothesis researched he.	he	the researcher
the participant's study participated for he.	he	the participant
the volunteer's cause volunteered for he.	he	the volunteer
the donor's charity donated to he.	he	the donor
