the student's guest helped Bishop.	Bishop	the student
the artist's collection painted Walker.	Walker	the artist
the chef's project cooked Zimmerman.	Zimmerman	the chef
the dancer's protégé impressed Vasquez.	Vasquez	the dancer
the writer's client inspired Underwood.	Underwood	the writer
the athlete's manuscript trained Zeller.	Zeller	the athlete
the musician's photoshoot composed Peterson.	Peterson	the musician
the doctor's followers treated Diaz.	Diaz	the doctor
the scientist's beat discovered Bennett.	Bennett	the scientist
the driver's team drove Green.	Green	the driver
the teacher's space educated Lopez.	Lopez	the teacher
the gardener's portfolio planted Vincent.	Vincent	the gardener
the engineer's client designed Nichols.	Nichols	the engineer
the actor's outfit performed Sanders.	Sanders	the actor
the photographer's funds captured Davis.	Davis	the photographer
the librarian's till organized Davis.	Davis	the librarian
the banker's customer invested Vasquez.	Vasquez	the banker
the tailor's film sewed Vincent.	Vincent	the tailor
the pilot's peer flew Green.	Green	the pilot
the lawyer's self-portrait defended Owens.	Owens	the lawyer
the architect's own designed Vasquez.	Vasquez	the architect
the chef's audience cooked Kelly.	Kelly	the chef
the nurse's readers cared for Barrett.	Barrett	the nurse
the farmer's partner harvested Clark.	Clark	the farmer
the plumber's symphony fixed Nguyen.	Nguyen	the plumber
the cashier's patient counted Turner.	Turner	the cashier
the painter's breakthrough painted Diaz.	Diaz	the painter
the therapist's vehicle counseled Harris.	Harris	the therapist
the singer's students sang to Peterson.	Peterson	the singer
the firefighter's flowers rescued Foster.	Foster	the firefighter
the fisherman's structure caught Ramirez.	Ramirez	the fisherman
the bartender's role served Hughes.	Hughes	the bartender
the waiter's moment served Bennett.	Bennett	the waiter
the cashier's collection counted Lopez.	Lopez	the cashier
the receptionist's funds greeted Perez.	Perez	the receptionist
the athlete's garment trained Underwood.	Underwood	the athlete
the journalist's aircraft reported on Martinez.	Martinez	the journalist
the soldier's client fought Stewart.	Stewart	the soldier
the scientist's blueprint researched Zimmerman.	Zimmerman	the scientist
the musician's dish played for Vincent.	Vincent	the musician
the dancer's patient danced for Owens.	Owens	the dancer
the explorer's crops discovered Parker.	Parker	the explorer
the manager's pipes managed Quinn.	Quinn	the manager
the coach's money trained Carter.	Carter	the coach
the cleaner's canvas cleaned Collins.	Collins	the cleaner
the politician's patient campaigned for Xander.	Xander	the politician
the driver's audience drove Norris.	Norris	the driver
the gamer's comrade played against Thompson.	Thompson	the gamer
the analyst's fish analyzed Diaz.	Diaz	the analyst
the CEO's drink led Johnson.	Johnson	the CEO
the receptionist's table greeted Johnson.	Johnson	the receptionist
the librarian's change organized Jenkins.	Jenkins	the librarian
the programmer's visitor coded for Owens.	Owens	the programmer
the mentor's teammate mentored Usher.	Usher	the mentor
the consultant's story advised Jenkins.	Jenkins	the consultant
the editor's enemy edited Freeman.	Freeman	the editor
the model's topic posed for Underwood.	Underwood	the model
the influencer's fans influenced Baker.	Baker	the influencer
the officer's troupe patrolled Adams.	Adams	the officer
the coach's path coached Zeller.	Zeller	the coach
the cleaner's team cleaned Walker.	Walker	the cleaner
the artist's players created for York.	York	the artist
the designer's space designed for Johnson.	Johnson	the designer
the stylist's election styled Ellis.	Ellis	the stylist
the banker's route invested Vaughn.	Vaughn	the banker
the cashier's opponent counted York.	York	the cashier
the clerk's data assisted Mitchell.	Mitchell	the clerk
the director's company directed Underhill.	Underhill	the director
the producer's show produced for Douglas.	Douglas	the producer
the writer's publication wrote for Barrett.	Barrett	the writer
the journalist's story reported on Edwards.	Edwards	the journalist
the critic's review critiqued Xu.	Xu	the critic
the developer's application developed for Zavala.	Zavala	the developer
the entrepreneur's startup founded Ulrich.	Ulrich	the entrepreneur
the host's event hosted Knight.	Knight	the host
the CEO's company led Lewis.	Lewis	the CEO
the manager's department managed Zane.	Zane	the manager
the salesperson's customer sold to Hughes.	Hughes	the salesperson
the marketer's campaign marketed for Underhill.	Underhill	the marketer
the intern's supervisor interned for Allen.	Allen	the intern
the analyst's data analyzed Quinn.	Quinn	the analyst
the researcher's topic researched Garcia.	Garcia	the researcher
the scientist's experiment researched Reed.	Reed	the scientist
the professor's class taught Patterson.	Patterson	the professor
the student's subject studied Dixon.	Dixon	the student
the doctor's patient treated Dixon.	Dixon	the doctor
the nurse's patient cared for Bishop.	Bishop	the nurse
the therapist's client counseled Johnson.	Johnson	the therapist
the patient's doctor consulted Zane.	Zane	the patient
the therapist's client counseled Underwood.	Underwood	the therapist
the patient's doctor consulted Ward.	Ward	the patient
the client's advisor consulted Nguyen.	Nguyen	the client
the attorney's client represented Patterson.	Patterson	the attorney
the defendant's case defended Zimmerman.	Zimmerman	the defendant
the judge's trial judged Ward.	Ward	the judge
the witness's case testified for Alexander.	Alexander	the witness
the researcher's hypothesis researched Xu.	Xu	the researcher
the participant's study participated for Underhill.	Underhill	the participant
the volunteer's cause volunteered for Campbell.	Campbell	the volunteer
the donor's charity donated to Miller.	Miller	the donor
