the student helped Kelly.	Kelly	the student
the artist painted Xander.	Xander	the artist
the chef cooked Miller.	Miller	the chef
the dancer impressed Ortiz.	Ortiz	the dancer
the writer inspired York.	York	the writer
the athlete trained Yang.	Yang	the athlete
the musician composed Martinez.	Martinez	the musician
the doctor treated Taylor.	Taylor	the doctor
the scientist discovered Stewart.	Stewart	the scientist
the driver drove Zavala.	Zavala	the driver
the teacher educated Quinn.	Quinn	the teacher
the gardener planted Barrett.	Barrett	the gardener
the engineer designed Quinn.	Quinn	the engineer
the actor performed Stewart.	Stewart	the actor
the photographer captured Parker.	Parker	the photographer
the librarian organized Peterson.	Peterson	the librarian
the banker invested Diaz.	Diaz	the banker
the tailor sewed Jenkins.	Jenkins	the tailor
the pilot flew Kelly.	Kelly	the pilot
the lawyer defended White.	White	the lawyer
the architect designed Zimmerman.	Zimmerman	the architect
the chef cooked Jackson.	Jackson	the chef
the nurse cared for Ward.	Ward	the nurse
the farmer harvested Zimmerman.	Zimmerman	the farmer
the plumber fixed Johnson.	Johnson	the plumber
the cashier counted Xu.	Xu	the cashier
the painter painted Evans.	Evans	the painter
the therapist counseled Norris.	Norris	the therapist
the singer sang to Underwood.	Underwood	the singer
the firefighter rescued Sanders.	Sanders	the firefighter
the fisherman caught Nguyen.	Nguyen	the fisherman
the bartender served Underwood.	Underwood	the bartender
the waiter served Vincent.	Vincent	the waiter
the cashier counted Underwood.	Underwood	the cashier
the receptionist greeted Knight.	Knight	the receptionist
the athlete trained Lopez.	Lopez	the athlete
the journalist reported on Hernandez.	Hernandez	the journalist
the soldier fought Patterson.	Patterson	the soldier
the scientist researched Douglas.	Douglas	the scientist
the musician played for Johnson.	Johnson	the musician
the dancer danced for Lawson.	Lawson	the dancer
the explorer discovered Parker.	Parker	the explorer
the manager managed Miller.	Miller	the manager
the coach trained York.	York	the coach
the cleaner cleaned Carter.	Carter	the cleaner
the politician campaigned for Bishop.	Bishop	the politician
the driver drove Zane.	Zane	the driver
the gamer played against Stewart.	Stewart	the gamer
the analyst analyzed Lawson.	Lawson	the analyst
the CEO led Knight.	Knight	the CEO
the receptionist greeted Lee.	Lee	the receptionist
the librarian organized Zavala.	Zavala	the librarian
the programmer coded for Lopez.	Lopez	the programmer
the mentor mentored Carter.	Carter	the mentor
the consultant advised Thompson.	Thompson	the consultant
the editor edited Vaughn.	Vaughn	the editor
the model posed for Robinson.	Robinson	the model
the influencer influenced Taylor.	Taylor	the influencer
the officer patrolled Franklin.	Franklin	the officer
the coach coached Hernandez.	Hernandez	the coach
the cleaner cleaned Anderson.	Anderson	the cleaner
the artist created for Perez.	Perez	the artist
the designer designed for Underwood.	Underwood	the designer
the stylist styled Barrett.	Barrett	the stylist
the banker invested Ulrich.	Ulrich	the banker
the cashier counted Freeman.	Freeman	the cashier
the clerk assisted Quinn.	Quinn	the clerk
the director directed Quinn.	Quinn	the director
the producer produced for Bennett.	Bennett	the producer
the writer wrote for Barrett.	Barrett	the writer
the journalist reported on Usher.	Usher	the journalist
the critic critiqued Underwood.	Underwood	the critic
the developer developed for Underhill.	Underhill	the developer
the entrepreneur founded Martinez.	Martinez	the entrepreneur
the host hosted Hernandez.	Hernandez	the host
the CEO led King.	King	the CEO
the manager managed Douglas.	Douglas	the manager
the salesperson sold to Flores.	Flores	the salesperson
the marketer marketed for Quinn.	Quinn	the marketer
the intern interned for Barrett.	Barrett	the intern
the analyst analyzed Zeller.	Zeller	the analyst
the researcher researched Young.	Young	the researcher
the scientist researched Mitchell.	Mitchell	the scientist
the professor taught Clark.	Clark	the professor
the student studied Knight.	Knight	the student
the doctor treated Thompson.	Thompson	the doctor
the nurse cared for Richardson.	Richardson	the nurse
the therapist counseled Zeller.	Zeller	the therapist
the patient consulted Ingram.	Ingram	the patient
the therapist counseled Knight.	Knight	the therapist
the patient consulted Hughes.	Hughes	the patient
the client consulted Underhill.	Underhill	the client
the attorney represented Perez.	Perez	the attorney
the defendant defended Peterson.	Peterson	the defendant
the judge judged Brooks.	Brooks	the judge
the witness testified for Grant.	Grant	the witness
the researcher researched Lawson.	Lawson	the researcher
the participant participated for Moore.	Moore	the participant
the volunteer volunteered for Collins.	Collins	the volunteer
the donor donated to Walker.	Walker	the donor
