Johnson's guest helped the student.	the student	Johnson
Smith's collection painted the artist.	the artist	Smith
Brown's project cooked the chef.	the chef	Brown
Davis's protégé impressed the dancer.	the dancer	Davis
Miller's client inspired the writer.	the writer	Miller
Wilson's manuscript trained the athlete.	the athlete	Wilson
Moore's photoshoot composed the musician.	the musician	Moore
Taylor's followers treated the doctor.	the doctor	Taylor
Anderson's beat discovered the scientist.	the scientist	Anderson
Thomas's team drove the driver.	the driver	Thomas
Jackson's space educated the teacher.	the teacher	Jackson
White's portfolio planted the gardener.	the gardener	White
Harris's client designed the engineer.	the engineer	Harris
Martin's outfit performed the actor.	the actor	Martin
Thompson's funds captured the photographer.	the photographer	Thompson
Martinez's till organized the librarian.	the librarian	Martinez
Garcia's customer invested the banker.	the banker	Garcia
Robinson's film sewed the tailor.	the tailor	Robinson
Clark's peer flew the pilot.	the pilot	Clark
Rodriguez's self-portrait defended the lawyer.	the lawyer	Rodriguez
Lewis's own designed the architect.	the architect	Lewis
Lee's audience cooked the chef.	the chef	Lee
Walker's readers cared for the nurse.	the nurse	Walker
Hall's partner harvested the farmer.	the farmer	Hall
Allen's symphony fixed the plumber.	the plumber	Allen
Young's patient counted the cashier.	the cashier	Young
King's breakthrough painted the painter.	the painter	King
Wright's vehicle counseled the therapist.	the therapist	Wright
Scott's students sang to the singer.	the singer	Scott
Green's flowers rescued the firefighter.	the firefighter	Green
Adams's structure caught the fisherman.	the fisherman	Adams
Baker's role served the bartender.	the bartender	Baker
Gonzalez's moment served the waiter.	the waiter	Gonzalez
Nelson's collection counted the cashier.	the cashier	Nelson
Carter's funds greeted the receptionist.	the receptionist	Carter
Mitchell's garment trained the athlete.	the athlete	Mitchell
Perez's aircraft reported on the journalist.	the journalist	Perez
Roberts's client fought the soldier.	the soldier	Roberts
Turner's blueprint researched the scientist.	the scientist	Turner
Phillips's dish played for the musician.	the musician	Phillips
Campbell's patient danced for the dancer.	the dancer	Campbell
Parker's crops discovered the explorer.	the explorer	Parker
Evans's pipes managed the manager.	the manager	Evans
Edwards's money trained the coach.	the coach	Edwards
Collins's canvas cleaned the cleaner.	the cleaner	Collins
Stewart's patient campaigned for the politician.	the politician	Stewart
Sanchez's audience drove the driver.	the driver	Sanchez
Morris's comrade played against the gamer.	the gamer	Morris
Rogers's fish analyzed the analyst.	the analyst	Rogers
Cook's drink led the CEO.	the CEO	Cook
Reed's table greeted the receptionist.	the receptionist	Reed
Morgan's change organized the librarian.	the librarian	Morgan
Bell's visitor coded for the programmer.	the programmer	Bell
Cooper's teammate mentored the mentor.	the mentor	Cooper
Richardson's story advised the consultant.	the consultant	Richardson
Cox's enemy edited the editor.	the editor	Cox
Howard's topic posed for the model.	the model	Howard
Ward's fans influenced the influencer.	the influencer	Ward
Torres's troupe patrolled the officer.	the officer	Torres
Peterson's path coached the coach.	the coach	Peterson
Gray's team cleaned the cleaner.	the cleaner	Gray
Ramirez's players created for the artist.	the artist	Ramirez
James's space designed for the designer.	the designer	James
Watson's election styled the stylist.	the stylist	Watson
Brooks's route invested the banker.	the banker	Brooks
Kelly's opponent counted the cashier.	the cashier	Kelly
Sanders's data assisted the clerk.	the clerk	Sanders
Price's company directed the director.	the director	Price
Bennett's show produced for the producer.	the producer	Bennett
Wood's publication wrote for the writer.	the writer	Wood
Barnes's story reported on the journalist.	the journalist	Barnes
Ross's review critiqued the critic.	the critic	Ross
Henderson's application developed for the developer.	the developer	Henderson
Coleman's startup founded the entrepreneur.	the entrepreneur	Coleman
Jenkins's event hosted the host.	the host	Jenkins
Perry's company led the CEO.	the CEO	Perry
Powell's department managed the manager.	the manager	Powell
Long's customer sold to the salesperson.	the salesperson	Long
Patterson's campaign marketed for the marketer.	the marketer	Patterson
Hughes's supervisor interned for the intern.	the intern	Hughes
Flores's data analyzed the analyst.	the analyst	Flores
Washington's topic researched the researcher.	the researcher	Washington
Butler's experiment researched the scientist.	the scientist	Butler
Johnson's class taught the professor.	the professor	Johnson
Martinez's subject studied the student.	the student	Martinez
Robinson's patient treated the doctor.	the doctor	Robinson
Thompson's patient cared for the nurse.	the nurse	Thompson
Clark's client counseled the therapist.	the therapist	Clark
Rodriguez's doctor consulted the patient.	the patient	Rodriguez
Lewis's client counseled the therapist.	the therapist	Lewis
Lee's doctor consulted the patient.	the patient	Lee
Walker's advisor consulted the client.	the client	Walker
Hall's client represented the attorney.	the attorney	Hall
Allen's case defended the defendant.	the defendant	Allen
Young's trial judged the judge.	the judge	Young
King's case testified for the witness.	the witness	King
Wright's hypothesis researched the researcher.	the researcher	Wright
Green's study participated for the participant.	the participant	Green
Adams's cause volunteered for the volunteer.	the volunteer	Adams
Baker's charity donated to the donor.	the donor	Baker
