the student, Johnson's guest helped.	the student	Johnson
the artist, Smith's collection painted.	the artist	Smith
the chef, Brown's project cooked.	the chef	Brown
the dancer, Davis's protégé impressed.	the dancer	Davis
the writer, Miller's client inspired.	the writer	Miller
the athlete, Wilson's manuscript trained.	the athlete	Wilson
the musician, Moore's photoshoot composed.	the musician	Moore
the doctor, Taylor's followers treated.	the doctor	Taylor
the scientist, Anderson's beat discovered.	the scientist	Anderson
the driver, Thomas's team drove.	the driver	Thomas
the teacher, Jackson's space educated.	the teacher	Jackson
the gardener, White's portfolio planted.	the gardener	White
the engineer, Harris's client designed.	the engineer	Harris
the actor, Martin's outfit performed.	the actor	Martin
the photographer, Thompson's funds captured.	the photographer	Thompson
the librarian, Martinez's till organized.	the librarian	Martinez
the banker, Garcia's customer invested.	the banker	Garcia
the tailor, Robinson's film sewed.	the tailor	Robinson
the pilot, Clark's peer flew.	the pilot	Clark
the lawyer, Rodriguez's self-portrait defended.	the lawyer	Rodriguez
the architect, Lewis's own designed.	the architect	Lewis
the chef, Lee's audience cooked.	the chef	Lee
the nurse, Walker's readers cared for.	the nurse	Walker
the farmer, Hall's partner harvested.	the farmer	Hall
the plumber, Allen's symphony fixed.	the plumber	Allen
the cashier, Young's patient counted.	the cashier	Young
the painter, King's breakthrough painted.	the painter	King
the therapist, Wright's vehicle counseled.	the therapist	Wright
the singer, Scott's students sang to.	the singer	Scott
the firefighter, Green's flowers rescued.	the firefighter	Green
the fisherman, Adams's structure caught.	the fisherman	Adams
the bartender, Baker's role served.	the bartender	Baker
the waiter, Gonzalez's moment served.	the waiter	Gonzalez
the cashier, Nelson's collection counted.	the cashier	Nelson
the receptionist, Carter's funds greeted.	the receptionist	Carter
the athlete, Mitchell's garment trained.	the athlete	Mitchell
the journalist, Perez's aircraft reported on.	the journalist	Perez
the soldier, Roberts's client fought.	the soldier	Roberts
the scientist, Turner's blueprint researched.	the scientist	Turner
the musician, Phillips's dish played for.	the musician	Phillips
the dancer, Campbell's patient danced for.	the dancer	Campbell
the explorer, Parker's crops discovered.	the explorer	Parker
the manager, Evans's pipes managed.	the manager	Evans
the coach, Edwards's money trained.	the coach	Edwards
the cleaner, Collins's canvas cleaned.	the cleaner	Collins
the politician, Stewart's patient campaigned for.	the politician	Stewart
the driver, Sanchez's audience drove.	the driver	Sanchez
the gamer, Morris's comrade played against.	the gamer	Morris
the analyst, Rogers's fish analyzed.	the analyst	Rogers
the CEO, Cook's drink led.	the CEO	Cook
the receptionist, Reed's table greeted.	the receptionist	Reed
the librarian, Morgan's change organized.	the librarian	Morgan
the programmer, Bell's visitor coded for.	the programmer	Bell
the mentor, Cooper's teammate mentored.	the mentor	Cooper
the consultant, Richardson's story advised.	the consultant	Richardson
the editor, Cox's enemy edited.	the editor	Cox
the model, Howard's topic posed for.	the model	Howard
the influencer, Ward's fans influenced.	the influencer	Ward
the officer, Torres's troupe patrolled.	the officer	Torres
the coach, Peterson's path coached.	the coach	Peterson
the cleaner, Gray's team cleaned.	the cleaner	Gray
the artist, Ramirez's players created for.	the artist	Ramirez
the designer, James's space designed for.	the designer	James
the stylist, Watson's election styled.	the stylist	Watson
the banker, Brooks's route invested.	the banker	Brooks
the cashier, Kelly's opponent counted.	the cashier	Kelly
the clerk, Sanders's data assisted.	the clerk	Sanders
the director, Price's company directed.	the director	Price
the producer, Bennett's show produced for.	the producer	Bennett
the writer, Wood's publication wrote for.	the writer	Wood
the journalist, Barnes's story reported on.	the journalist	Barnes
the critic, Ross's review critiqued.	the critic	Ross
the developer, Henderson's application developed for.	the developer	Henderson
the entrepreneur, Coleman's startup founded.	the entrepreneur	Coleman
the host, Jenkins's event hosted.	the host	Jenkins
the CEO, Perry's company led.	the CEO	Perry
the manager, Powell's department managed.	the manager	Powell
the salesperson, Long's customer sold to.	the salesperson	Long
the marketer, Patterson's campaign marketed for.	the marketer	Patterson
the intern, Hughes's supervisor interned for.	the intern	Hughes
the analyst, Flores's data analyzed.	the analyst	Flores
the researcher, Washington's topic researched.	the researcher	Washington
the scientist, Butler's experiment researched.	the scientist	Butler
the professor, Johnson's class taught.	the professor	Johnson
the student, Martinez's subject studied.	the student	Martinez
the doctor, Robinson's patient treated.	the doctor	Robinson
the nurse, Thompson's patient cared for.	the nurse	Thompson
the therapist, Clark's client counseled.	the therapist	Clark
the patient, Rodriguez's doctor consulted.	the patient	Rodriguez
the therapist, Lewis's client counseled.	the therapist	Lewis
the patient, Lee's doctor consulted.	the patient	Lee
the client, Walker's advisor consulted.	the client	Walker
the attorney, Hall's client represented.	the attorney	Hall
the defendant, Allen's case defended.	the defendant	Allen
the judge, Young's trial judged.	the judge	Young
the witness, King's case testified for.	the witness	King
the researcher, Wright's hypothesis researched.	the researcher	Wright
the participant, Green's study participated for.	the participant	Green
the volunteer, Adams's cause volunteered for.	the volunteer	Adams
the donor, Baker's charity donated to.	the donor	Baker
