some student, the student helped.	some student	the student
some artist, the artist painted.	some artist	the artist
some chef, the chef cooked.	some chef	the chef
some dancer, the dancer impressed.	some dancer	the dancer
some writer, the writer inspired.	some writer	the writer
some athlete, the athlete trained.	some athlete	the athlete
some musician, the musician composed.	some musician	the musician
some doctor, the doctor treated.	some doctor	the doctor
some scientist, the scientist discovered.	some scientist	the scientist
some driver, the driver drove.	some driver	the driver
some teacher, the teacher educated.	some teacher	the teacher
some gardener, the gardener planted.	some gardener	the gardener
some engineer, the engineer designed.	some engineer	the engineer
some actor, the actor performed.	some actor	the actor
some photographer, the photographer captured.	some photographer	the photographer
some librarian, the librarian organized.	some librarian	the librarian
some banker, the banker invested.	some banker	the banker
some tailor, the tailor sewed.	some tailor	the tailor
some pilot, the pilot flew.	some pilot	the pilot
some lawyer, the lawyer defended.	some lawyer	the lawyer
some architect, the architect designed.	some architect	the architect
some chef, the chef cooked.	some chef	the chef
some nurse, the nurse cared for.	some nurse	the nurse
some farmer, the farmer harvested.	some farmer	the farmer
some plumber, the plumber fixed.	some plumber	the plumber
some cashier, the cashier counted.	some cashier	the cashier
some painter, the painter painted.	some painter	the painter
some therapist, the therapist counseled.	some therapist	the therapist
some singer, the singer sang to.	some singer	the singer
some firefighter, the firefighter rescued.	some firefighter	the firefighter
some fisherman, the fisherman caught.	some fisherman	the fisherman
some bartender, the bartender served.	some bartender	the bartender
some waiter, the waiter served.	some waiter	the waiter
some cashier, the cashier counted.	some cashier	the cashier
some receptionist, the receptionist greeted.	some receptionist	the receptionist
some athlete, the athlete trained.	some athlete	the athlete
some journalist, the journalist reported on.	some journalist	the journalist
some soldier, the soldier fought.	some soldier	the soldier
some scientist, the scientist researched.	some scientist	the scientist
some musician, the musician played for.	some musician	the musician
some dancer, the dancer danced for.	some dancer	the dancer
some explorer, the explorer discovered.	some explorer	the explorer
some manager, the manager managed.	some manager	the manager
some coach, the coach trained.	some coach	the coach
some cleaner, the cleaner cleaned.	some cleaner	the cleaner
some politician, the politician campaigned for.	some politician	the politician
some driver, the driver drove.	some driver	the driver
some gamer, the gamer played against.	some gamer	the gamer
some analyst, the analyst analyzed.	some analyst	the analyst
some CEO, the CEO led.	some CEO	the CEO
some receptionist, the receptionist greeted.	some receptionist	the receptionist
some librarian, the librarian organized.	some librarian	the librarian
some programmer, the programmer coded for.	some programmer	the programmer
some mentor, the mentor mentored.	some mentor	the mentor
some consultant, the consultant advised.	some consultant	the consultant
some editor, the editor edited.	some editor	the editor
some model, the model posed for.	some model	the model
some influencer, the influencer influenced.	some influencer	the influencer
some officer, the officer patrolled.	some officer	the officer
some coach, the coach coached.	some coach	the coach
some cleaner, the cleaner cleaned.	some cleaner	the cleaner
some artist, the artist created for.	some artist	the artist
some designer, the designer designed for.	some designer	the designer
some stylist, the stylist styled.	some stylist	the stylist
some banker, the banker invested.	some banker	the banker
some cashier, the cashier counted.	some cashier	the cashier
some clerk, the clerk assisted.	some clerk	the clerk
some director, the director directed.	some director	the director
some producer, the producer produced for.	some producer	the producer
some writer, the writer wrote for.	some writer	the writer
some journalist, the journalist reported on.	some journalist	the journalist
some critic, the critic critiqued.	some critic	the critic
some developer, the developer developed for.	some developer	the developer
some entrepreneur, the entrepreneur founded.	some entrepreneur	the entrepreneur
some host, the host hosted.	some host	the host
some CEO, the CEO led.	some CEO	the CEO
some manager, the manager managed.	some manager	the manager
some salesperson, the salesperson sold to.	some salesperson	the salesperson
some marketer, the marketer marketed for.	some marketer	the marketer
some intern, the intern interned for.	some intern	the intern
some analyst, the analyst analyzed.	some analyst	the analyst
some researcher, the researcher researched.	some researcher	the researcher
some scientist, the scientist researched.	some scientist	the scientist
some professor, the professor taught.	some professor	the professor
some student, the student studied.	some student	the student
some doctor, the doctor treated.	some doctor	the doctor
some nurse, the nurse cared for.	some nurse	the nurse
some therapist, the therapist counseled.	some therapist	the therapist
some patient, the patient consulted.	some patient	the patient
some therapist, the therapist counseled.	some therapist	the therapist
some patient, the patient consulted.	some patient	the patient
some client, the client consulted.	some client	the client
some attorney, the attorney represented.	some attorney	the attorney
some defendant, the defendant defended.	some defendant	the defendant
some judge, the judge judged.	some judge	the judge
some witness, the witness testified for.	some witness	the witness
some researcher, the researcher researched.	some researcher	the researcher
some participant, the participant participated for.	some participant	the participant
some volunteer, the volunteer volunteered for.	some volunteer	the volunteer
some donor, the donor donated to.	some donor	the donor
