the student, his guest helped.	the student	his
the artist, his collection painted.	the artist	his
the chef, his project cooked.	the chef	his
the dancer, his protégé impressed.	the dancer	his
the writer, his client inspired.	the writer	his
the athlete, his manuscript trained.	the athlete	his
the musician, his photoshoot composed.	the musician	his
the doctor, his followers treated.	the doctor	his
the scientist, his beat discovered.	the scientist	his
the driver, his team drove.	the driver	his
the teacher, his space educated.	the teacher	his
the gardener, his portfolio planted.	the gardener	his
the engineer, his client designed.	the engineer	his
the actor, his outfit performed.	the actor	his
the photographer, his funds captured.	the photographer	his
the librarian, his till organized.	the librarian	his
the banker, his customer invested.	the banker	his
the tailor, his film sewed.	the tailor	his
the pilot, his peer flew.	the pilot	his
the lawyer, his self-portrait defended.	the lawyer	his
the architect, his own designed.	the architect	his
the chef, his audience cooked.	the chef	his
the nurse, his readers cared for.	the nurse	his
the farmer, his partner harvested.	the farmer	his
the plumber, his symphony fixed.	the plumber	his
the cashier, his patient counted.	the cashier	his
the painter, his breakthrough painted.	the painter	his
the therapist, his vehicle counseled.	the therapist	his
the singer, his students sang to.	the singer	his
the firefighter, his flowers rescued.	the firefighter	his
the fisherman, his structure caught.	the fisherman	his
the bartender, his role served.	the bartender	his
the waiter, his moment served.	the waiter	his
the cashier, his collection counted.	the cashier	his
the receptionist, his funds greeted.	the receptionist	his
the athlete, his garment trained.	the athlete	his
the journalist, his aircraft reported on.	the journalist	his
the soldier, his client fought.	the soldier	his
the scientist, his blueprint researched.	the scientist	his
the musician, his dish played for.	the musician	his
the dancer, his patient danced for.	the dancer	his
the explorer, his crops discovered.	the explorer	his
the manager, his pipes managed.	the manager	his
the coach, his money trained.	the coach	his
the cleaner, his canvas cleaned.	the cleaner	his
the politician, his patient campaigned for.	the politician	his
the driver, his audience drove.	the driver	his
the gamer, his comrade played against.	the gamer	his
the analyst, his fish analyzed.	the analyst	his
the CEO, his drink led.	the CEO	his
the receptionist, his table greeted.	the receptionist	his
the librarian, his change organized.	the librarian	his
the programmer, his visitor coded for.	the programmer	his
the mentor, his teammate mentored.	the mentor	his
the consultant, his story advised.	the consultant	his
the editor, his enemy edited.	the editor	his
the model, his topic posed for.	the model	his
the influencer, his fans influenced.	the influencer	his
the officer, his troupe patrolled.	the officer	his
the coach, his path coached.	the coach	his
the cleaner, his team cleaned.	the cleaner	his
the artist, his players created for.	the artist	his
the designer, his space designed for.	the designer	his
the stylist, his election styled.	the stylist	his
the banker, his route invested.	the banker	his
the cashier, his opponent counted.	the cashier	his
the clerk, his data assisted.	the clerk	his
the director, his company directed.	the director	his
the producer, his show produced for.	the producer	his
the writer, his publication wrote for.	the writer	his
the journalist, his story reported on.	the journalist	his
the critic, his review critiqued.	the critic	his
the developer, his application developed for.	the developer	his
the entrepreneur, his startup founded.	the entrepreneur	his
the host, his event hosted.	the host	his
the CEO, his company led.	the CEO	his
the manager, his department managed.	the manager	his
the salesperson, his customer sold to.	the salesperson	his
the marketer, his campaign marketed for.	the marketer	his
the intern, his supervisor interned for.	the intern	his
the analyst, his data analyzed.	the analyst	his
the researcher, his topic researched.	the researcher	his
the scientist, his experiment researched.	the scientist	his
the professor, his class taught.	the professor	his
the student, his subject studied.	the student	his
the doctor, his patient treated.	the doctor	his
the nurse, his patient cared for.	the nurse	his
the therapist, his client counseled.	the therapist	his
the patient, his doctor consulted.	the patient	his
the therapist, his client counseled.	the therapist	his
the patient, his doctor consulted.	the patient	his
the client, his advisor consulted.	the client	his
the attorney, his client represented.	the attorney	his
the defendant, his case defended.	the defendant	his
the judge, his trial judged.	the judge	his
the witness, his case testified for.	the witness	his
the researcher, his hypothesis researched.	the researcher	his
the participant, his study participated for.	the participant	his
the volunteer, his cause volunteered for.	the volunteer	his
the donor, his charity donated to.	the donor	his
