he, the student helped.	he	the student
he, the artist painted.	he	the artist
he, the chef cooked.	he	the chef
he, the dancer impressed.	he	the dancer
he, the writer inspired.	he	the writer
he, the athlete trained.	he	the athlete
he, the musician composed.	he	the musician
he, the doctor treated.	he	the doctor
he, the scientist discovered.	he	the scientist
he, the driver drove.	he	the driver
he, the teacher educated.	he	the teacher
he, the gardener planted.	he	the gardener
he, the engineer designed.	he	the engineer
he, the actor performed.	he	the actor
he, the photographer captured.	he	the photographer
he, the librarian organized.	he	the librarian
he, the banker invested.	he	the banker
he, the tailor sewed.	he	the tailor
he, the pilot flew.	he	the pilot
he, the lawyer defended.	he	the lawyer
he, the architect designed.	he	the architect
he, the chef cooked.	he	the chef
he, the nurse cared for.	he	the nurse
he, the farmer harvested.	he	the farmer
he, the plumber fixed.	he	the plumber
he, the cashier counted.	he	the cashier
he, the painter painted.	he	the painter
he, the therapist counseled.	he	the therapist
he, the singer sang to.	he	the singer
he, the firefighter rescued.	he	the firefighter
he, the fisherman caught.	he	the fisherman
he, the bartender served.	he	the bartender
he, the waiter served.	he	the waiter
he, the cashier counted.	he	the cashier
he, the receptionist greeted.	he	the receptionist
he, the athlete trained.	he	the athlete
he, the journalist reported on.	he	the journalist
he, the soldier fought.	he	the soldier
he, the scientist researched.	he	the scientist
he, the musician played for.	he	the musician
he, the dancer danced for.	he	the dancer
he, the explorer discovered.	he	the explorer
he, the manager managed.	he	the manager
he, the coach trained.	he	the coach
he, the cleaner cleaned.	he	the cleaner
he, the politician campaigned for.	he	the politician
he, the driver drove.	he	the driver
he, the gamer played against.	he	the gamer
he, the analyst analyzed.	he	the analyst
he, the CEO led.	he	the CEO
he, the receptionist greeted.	he	the receptionist
he, the librarian organized.	he	the librarian
he, the programmer coded for.	he	the programmer
he, the mentor mentored.	he	the mentor
he, the consultant advised.	he	the consultant
he, the editor edited.	he	the editor
he, the model posed for.	he	the model
he, the influencer influenced.	he	the influencer
he, the officer patrolled.	he	the officer
he, the coach coached.	he	the coach
he, the cleaner cleaned.	he	the cleaner
he, the artist created for.	he	the artist
he, the designer designed for.	he	the designer
he, the stylist styled.	he	the stylist
he, the banker invested.	he	the banker
he, the cashier counted.	he	the cashier
he, the clerk assisted.	he	the clerk
he, the director directed.	he	the director
he, the producer produced for.	he	the producer
he, the writer wrote for.	he	the writer
he, the journalist reported on.	he	the journalist
he, the critic critiqued.	he	the critic
he, the developer developed for.	he	the developer
he, the entrepreneur founded.	he	the entrepreneur
he, the host hosted.	he	the host
he, the CEO led.	he	the CEO
he, the manager managed.	he	the manager
he, the salesperson sold to.	he	the salesperson
he, the marketer marketed for.	he	the marketer
he, the intern interned for.	he	the intern
he, the analyst analyzed.	he	the analyst
he, the researcher researched.	he	the researcher
he, the scientist researched.	he	the scientist
he, the professor taught.	he	the professor
he, the student studied.	he	the student
he, the doctor treated.	he	the doctor
he, the nurse cared for.	he	the nurse
he, the therapist counseled.	he	the therapist
he, the patient consulted.	he	the patient
he, the therapist counseled.	he	the therapist
he, the patient consulted.	he	the patient
he, the client consulted.	he	the client
he, the attorney represented.	he	the attorney
he, the defendant defended.	he	the defendant
he, the judge judged.	he	the judge
he, the witness testified for.	he	the witness
he, the researcher researched.	he	the researcher
he, the participant participated for.	he	the participant
he, the volunteer volunteered for.	he	the volunteer
he, the donor donated to.	he	the donor
