the student, him helped.	the student	him
the artist, him painted.	the artist	him
the chef, him cooked.	the chef	him
the dancer, him impressed.	the dancer	him
the writer, him inspired.	the writer	him
the athlete, him trained.	the athlete	him
the musician, him composed.	the musician	him
the doctor, him treated.	the doctor	him
the scientist, him discovered.	the scientist	him
the driver, him drove.	the driver	him
the teacher, him educated.	the teacher	him
the gardener, him planted.	the gardener	him
the engineer, him designed.	the engineer	him
the actor, him performed.	the actor	him
the photographer, him captured.	the photographer	him
the librarian, him organized.	the librarian	him
the banker, him invested.	the banker	him
the tailor, him sewed.	the tailor	him
the pilot, him flew.	the pilot	him
the lawyer, him defended.	the lawyer	him
the architect, him designed.	the architect	him
the chef, him cooked.	the chef	him
the nurse, him cared for.	the nurse	him
the farmer, him harvested.	the farmer	him
the plumber, him fixed.	the plumber	him
the cashier, him counted.	the cashier	him
the painter, him painted.	the painter	him
the therapist, him counseled.	the therapist	him
the singer, him sang to.	the singer	him
the firefighter, him rescued.	the firefighter	him
the fisherman, him caught.	the fisherman	him
the bartender, him served.	the bartender	him
the waiter, him served.	the waiter	him
the cashier, him counted.	the cashier	him
the receptionist, him greeted.	the receptionist	him
the athlete, him trained.	the athlete	him
the journalist, him reported on.	the journalist	him
the soldier, him fought.	the soldier	him
the scientist, him researched.	the scientist	him
the musician, him played for.	the musician	him
the dancer, him danced for.	the dancer	him
the explorer, him discovered.	the explorer	him
the manager, him managed.	the manager	him
the coach, him trained.	the coach	him
the cleaner, him cleaned.	the cleaner	him
the politician, him campaigned for.	the politician	him
the driver, him drove.	the driver	him
the gamer, him played against.	the gamer	him
the analyst, him analyzed.	the analyst	him
the CEO, him led.	the CEO	him
the receptionist, him greeted.	the receptionist	him
the librarian, him organized.	the librarian	him
the programmer, him coded for.	the programmer	him
the mentor, him mentored.	the mentor	him
the consultant, him advised.	the consultant	him
the editor, him edited.	the editor	him
the model, him posed for.	the model	him
the influencer, him influenced.	the influencer	him
the officer, him patrolled.	the officer	him
the coach, him coached.	the coach	him
the cleaner, him cleaned.	the cleaner	him
the artist, him created for.	the artist	him
the designer, him designed for.	the designer	him
the stylist, him styled.	the stylist	him
the banker, him invested.	the banker	him
the cashier, him counted.	the cashier	him
the clerk, him assisted.	the clerk	him
the director, him directed.	the director	him
the producer, him produced for.	the producer	him
the writer, him wrote for.	the writer	him
the journalist, him reported on.	the journalist	him
the critic, him critiqued.	the critic	him
the developer, him developed for.	the developer	him
the entrepreneur, him founded.	the entrepreneur	him
the host, him hosted.	the host	him
the CEO, him led.	the CEO	him
the manager, him managed.	the manager	him
the salesperson, him sold to.	the salesperson	him
the marketer, him marketed for.	the marketer	him
the intern, him interned for.	the intern	him
the analyst, him analyzed.	the analyst	him
the researcher, him researched.	the researcher	him
the scientist, him researched.	the scientist	him
the professor, him taught.	the professor	him
the student, him studied.	the student	him
the doctor, him treated.	the doctor	him
the nurse, him cared for.	the nurse	him
the therapist, him counseled.	the therapist	him
the patient, him consulted.	the patient	him
the therapist, him counseled.	the therapist	him
the patient, him consulted.	the patient	him
the client, him consulted.	the client	him
the attorney, him represented.	the attorney	him
the defendant, him defended.	the defendant	him
the judge, him judged.	the judge	him
the witness, him testified for.	the witness	him
the researcher, him researched.	the researcher	him
the participant, him participated for.	the participant	him
the volunteer, him volunteered for.	the volunteer	him
the donor, him donated to.	the donor	him
