the student, Johnson helped.	the student	Johnson
the artist, Smith painted.	the artist	Smith
the chef, Brown cooked.	the chef	Brown
the dancer, Davis impressed.	the dancer	Davis
the writer, Miller inspired.	the writer	Miller
the athlete, Wilson trained.	the athlete	Wilson
the musician, Moore composed.	the musician	Moore
the doctor, Taylor treated.	the doctor	Taylor
the scientist, Anderson discovered.	the scientist	Anderson
the driver, Thomas drove.	the driver	Thomas
the teacher, Jackson educated.	the teacher	Jackson
the gardener, White planted.	the gardener	White
the engineer, Harris designed.	the engineer	Harris
the actor, Martin performed.	the actor	Martin
the photographer, Thompson captured.	the photographer	Thompson
the librarian, Martinez organized.	the librarian	Martinez
the banker, Garcia invested.	the banker	Garcia
the tailor, Robinson sewed.	the tailor	Robinson
the pilot, Clark flew.	the pilot	Clark
the lawyer, Rodriguez defended.	the lawyer	Rodriguez
the architect, Lewis designed.	the architect	Lewis
the chef, Lee cooked.	the chef	Lee
the nurse, Walker cared for.	the nurse	Walker
the farmer, Hall harvested.	the farmer	Hall
the plumber, Allen fixed.	the plumber	Allen
the cashier, Young counted.	the cashier	Young
the painter, King painted.	the painter	King
the therapist, Wright counseled.	the therapist	Wright
the singer, Scott sang to.	the singer	Scott
the firefighter, Green rescued.	the firefighter	Green
the fisherman, Adams caught.	the fisherman	Adams
the bartender, Baker served.	the bartender	Baker
the waiter, Gonzalez served.	the waiter	Gonzalez
the cashier, Nelson counted.	the cashier	Nelson
the receptionist, Carter greeted.	the receptionist	Carter
the athlete, Mitchell trained.	the athlete	Mitchell
the journalist, Perez reported on.	the journalist	Perez
the soldier, Roberts fought.	the soldier	Roberts
the scientist, Turner researched.	the scientist	Turner
the musician, Phillips played for.	the musician	Phillips
the dancer, Campbell danced for.	the dancer	Campbell
the explorer, Parker discovered.	the explorer	Parker
the manager, Evans managed.	the manager	Evans
the coach, Edwards trained.	the coach	Edwards
the cleaner, Collins cleaned.	the cleaner	Collins
the politician, Stewart campaigned for.	the politician	Stewart
the driver, Sanchez drove.	the driver	Sanchez
the gamer, Morris played against.	the gamer	Morris
the analyst, Rogers analyzed.	the analyst	Rogers
the CEO, Cook led.	the CEO	Cook
the receptionist, Reed greeted.	the receptionist	Reed
the librarian, Morgan organized.	the librarian	Morgan
the programmer, Bell coded for.	the programmer	Bell
the mentor, Cooper mentored.	the mentor	Cooper
the consultant, Richardson advised.	the consultant	Richardson
the editor, Cox edited.	the editor	Cox
the model, Howard posed for.	the model	Howard
the influencer, Ward influenced.	the influencer	Ward
the officer, Torres patrolled.	the officer	Torres
the coach, Peterson coached.	the coach	Peterson
the cleaner, Gray cleaned.	the cleaner	Gray
the artist, Ramirez created for.	the artist	Ramirez
the designer, James designed for.	the designer	James
the stylist, Watson styled.	the stylist	Watson
the banker, Brooks invested.	the banker	Brooks
the cashier, Kelly counted.	the cashier	Kelly
the clerk, Sanders assisted.	the clerk	Sanders
the director, Price directed.	the director	Price
the producer, Bennett produced for.	the producer	Bennett
the writer, Wood wrote for.	the writer	Wood
the journalist, Barnes reported on.	the journalist	Barnes
the critic, Ross critiqued.	the critic	Ross
the developer, Henderson developed for.	the developer	Henderson
the entrepreneur, Coleman founded.	the entrepreneur	Coleman
the host, Jenkins hosted.	the host	Jenkins
the CEO, Perry led.	the CEO	Perry
the manager, Powell managed.	the manager	Powell
the salesperson, Long sold to.	the salesperson	Long
the marketer, Patterson marketed for.	the marketer	Patterson
the intern, Hughes interned for.	the intern	Hughes
the analyst, Flores analyzed.	the analyst	Flores
the researcher, Washington researched.	the researcher	Washington
the scientist, Butler researched.	the scientist	Butler
the professor, Johnson taught.	the professor	Johnson
the student, Martinez studied.	the student	Martinez
the doctor, Robinson treated.	the doctor	Robinson
the nurse, Thompson cared for.	the nurse	Thompson
the therapist, Clark counseled.	the therapist	Clark
the patient, Rodriguez consulted.	the patient	Rodriguez
the therapist, Lewis counseled.	the therapist	Lewis
the patient, Lee consulted.	the patient	Lee
the client, Walker consulted.	the client	Walker
the attorney, Hall represented.	the attorney	Hall
the defendant, Allen defended.	the defendant	Allen
the judge, Young judged.	the judge	Young
the witness, King testified for.	the witness	King
the researcher, Wright researched.	the researcher	Wright
the participant, Green participated for.	the participant	Green
the volunteer, Adams volunteered for.	the volunteer	Adams
the donor, Baker donated to.	the donor	Baker
