he, the student's guest helped.	he	the student
he, the artist's collection painted.	he	the artist
he, the chef's project cooked.	he	the chef
he, the dancer's protégé impressed.	he	the dancer
he, the writer's client inspired.	he	the writer
he, the athlete's manuscript trained.	he	the athlete
he, the musician's photoshoot composed.	he	the musician
he, the doctor's followers treated.	he	the doctor
he, the scientist's beat discovered.	he	the scientist
he, the driver's team drove.	he	the driver
he, the teacher's space educated.	he	the teacher
he, the gardener's portfolio planted.	he	the gardener
he, the engineer's client designed.	he	the engineer
he, the actor's outfit performed.	he	the actor
he, the photographer's funds captured.	he	the photographer
he, the librarian's till organized.	he	the librarian
he, the banker's customer invested.	he	the banker
he, the tailor's film sewed.	he	the tailor
he, the pilot's peer flew.	he	the pilot
he, the lawyer's self-portrait defended.	he	the lawyer
he, the architect's own designed.	he	the architect
he, the chef's audience cooked.	he	the chef
he, the nurse's readers cared for.	he	the nurse
he, the farmer's partner harvested.	he	the farmer
he, the plumber's symphony fixed.	he	the plumber
he, the cashier's patient counted.	he	the cashier
he, the painter's breakthrough painted.	he	the painter
he, the therapist's vehicle counseled.	he	the therapist
he, the singer's students sang to.	he	the singer
he, the firefighter's flowers rescued.	he	the firefighter
he, the fisherman's structure caught.	he	the fisherman
he, the bartender's role served.	he	the bartender
he, the waiter's moment served.	he	the waiter
he, the cashier's collection counted.	he	the cashier
he, the receptionist's funds greeted.	he	the receptionist
he, the athlete's garment trained.	he	the athlete
he, the journalist's aircraft reported on.	he	the journalist
he, the soldier's client fought.	he	the soldier
he, the scientist's blueprint researched.	he	the scientist
he, the musician's dish played for.	he	the musician
he, the dancer's patient danced for.	he	the dancer
he, the explorer's crops discovered.	he	the explorer
he, the manager's pipes managed.	he	the manager
he, the coach's money trained.	he	the coach
he, the cleaner's canvas cleaned.	he	the cleaner
he, the politician's patient campaigned for.	he	the politician
he, the driver's audience drove.	he	the driver
he, the gamer's comrade played against.	he	the gamer
he, the analyst's fish analyzed.	he	the analyst
he, the CEO's drink led.	he	the CEO
he, the receptionist's table greeted.	he	the receptionist
he, the librarian's change organized.	he	the librarian
he, the programmer's visitor coded for.	he	the programmer
he, the mentor's teammate mentored.	he	the mentor
he, the consultant's story advised.	he	the consultant
he, the editor's enemy edited.	he	the editor
he, the model's topic posed for.	he	the model
he, the influencer's fans influenced.	he	the influencer
he, the officer's troupe patrolled.	he	the officer
he, the coach's path coached.	he	the coach
he, the cleaner's team cleaned.	he	the cleaner
he, the artist's players created for.	he	the artist
he, the designer's space designed for.	he	the designer
he, the stylist's election styled.	he	the stylist
he, the banker's route invested.	he	the banker
he, the cashier's opponent counted.	he	the cashier
he, the clerk's data assisted.	he	the clerk
he, the director's company directed.	he	the director
he, the producer's show produced for.	he	the producer
he, the writer's publication wrote for.	he	the writer
he, the journalist's story reported on.	he	the journalist
he, the critic's review critiqued.	he	the critic
he, the developer's application developed for.	he	the developer
he, the entrepreneur's startup founded.	he	the entrepreneur
he, the host's event hosted.	he	the host
he, the CEO's company led.	he	the CEO
he, the manager's department managed.	he	the manager
he, the salesperson's customer sold to.	he	the salesperson
he, the marketer's campaign marketed for.	he	the marketer
he, the intern's supervisor interned for.	he	the intern
he, the analyst's data analyzed.	he	the analyst
he, the researcher's topic researched.	he	the researcher
he, the scientist's experiment researched.	he	the scientist
he, the professor's class taught.	he	the professor
he, the student's subject studied.	he	the student
he, the doctor's patient treated.	he	the doctor
he, the nurse's patient cared for.	he	the nurse
he, the therapist's client counseled.	he	the therapist
he, the patient's doctor consulted.	he	the patient
he, the therapist's client counseled.	he	the therapist
he, the patient's doctor consulted.	he	the patient
he, the client's advisor consulted.	he	the client
he, the attorney's client represented.	he	the attorney
he, the defendant's case defended.	he	the defendant
he, the judge's trial judged.	he	the judge
he, the witness's case testified for.	he	the witness
he, the researcher's hypothesis researched.	he	the researcher
he, the participant's study participated for.	he	the participant
he, the volunteer's cause volunteered for.	he	the volunteer
he, the donor's charity donated to.	he	the donor
