Kelly, the student helped.	Kelly	the student
Xander, the artist painted.	Xander	the artist
Miller, the chef cooked.	Miller	the chef
Ortiz, the dancer impressed.	Ortiz	the dancer
York, the writer inspired.	York	the writer
Yang, the athlete trained.	Yang	the athlete
Martinez, the musician composed.	Martinez	the musician
Taylor, the doctor treated.	Taylor	the doctor
Stewart, the scientist discovered.	Stewart	the scientist
Zavala, the driver drove.	Zavala	the driver
Quinn, the teacher educated.	Quinn	the teacher
Barrett, the gardener planted.	Barrett	the gardener
Quinn, the engineer designed.	Quinn	the engineer
Stewart, the actor performed.	Stewart	the actor
Parker, the photographer captured.	Parker	the photographer
Peterson, the librarian organized.	Peterson	the librarian
Diaz, the banker invested.	Diaz	the banker
Jenkins, the tailor sewed.	Jenkins	the tailor
Kelly, the pilot flew.	Kelly	the pilot
White, the lawyer defended.	White	the lawyer
Zimmerman, the architect designed.	Zimmerman	the architect
Jackson, the chef cooked.	Jackson	the chef
Ward, the nurse cared for.	Ward	the nurse
Zimmerman, the farmer harvested.	Zimmerman	the farmer
Johnson, the plumber fixed.	Johnson	the plumber
Xu, the cashier counted.	Xu	the cashier
Evans, the painter painted.	Evans	the painter
Norris, the therapist counseled.	Norris	the therapist
Underwood, the singer sang to.	Underwood	the singer
Sanders, the firefighter rescued.	Sanders	the firefighter
Nguyen, the fisherman caught.	Nguyen	the fisherman
Underwood, the bartender served.	Underwood	the bartender
Vincent, the waiter served.	Vincent	the waiter
Underwood, the cashier counted.	Underwood	the cashier
Knight, the receptionist greeted.	Knight	the receptionist
Lopez, the athlete trained.	Lopez	the athlete
Hernandez, the journalist reported on.	Hernandez	the journalist
Patterson, the soldier fought.	Patterson	the soldier
Douglas, the scientist researched.	Douglas	the scientist
Johnson, the musician played for.	Johnson	the musician
Lawson, the dancer danced for.	Lawson	the dancer
Parker, the explorer discovered.	Parker	the explorer
Miller, the manager managed.	Miller	the manager
York, the coach trained.	York	the coach
Carter, the cleaner cleaned.	Carter	the cleaner
Bishop, the politician campaigned for.	Bishop	the politician
Zane, the driver drove.	Zane	the driver
Stewart, the gamer played against.	Stewart	the gamer
Lawson, the analyst analyzed.	Lawson	the analyst
Knight, the CEO led.	Knight	the CEO
Lee, the receptionist greeted.	Lee	the receptionist
Zavala, the librarian organized.	Zavala	the librarian
Lopez, the programmer coded for.	Lopez	the programmer
Carter, the mentor mentored.	Carter	the mentor
Thompson, the consultant advised.	Thompson	the consultant
Vaughn, the editor edited.	Vaughn	the editor
Robinson, the model posed for.	Robinson	the model
Taylor, the influencer influenced.	Taylor	the influencer
Franklin, the officer patrolled.	Franklin	the officer
Hernandez, the coach coached.	Hernandez	the coach
Anderson, the cleaner cleaned.	Anderson	the cleaner
Perez, the artist created for.	Perez	the artist
Underwood, the designer designed for.	Underwood	the designer
Barrett, the stylist styled.	Barrett	the stylist
Ulrich, the banker invested.	Ulrich	the banker
Freeman, the cashier counted.	Freeman	the cashier
Quinn, the clerk assisted.	Quinn	the clerk
Quinn, the director directed.	Quinn	the director
Bennett, the producer produced for.	Bennett	the producer
Barrett, the writer wrote for.	Barrett	the writer
Usher, the journalist reported on.	Usher	the journalist
Underwood, the critic critiqued.	Underwood	the critic
Underhill, the developer developed for.	Underhill	the developer
Martinez, the entrepreneur founded.	Martinez	the entrepreneur
Hernandez, the host hosted.	Hernandez	the host
King, the CEO led.	King	the CEO
Douglas, the manager managed.	Douglas	the manager
Flores, the salesperson sold to.	Flores	the salesperson
Quinn, the marketer marketed for.	Quinn	the marketer
Barrett, the intern interned for.	Barrett	the intern
Zeller, the analyst analyzed.	Zeller	the analyst
Young, the researcher researched.	Young	the researcher
Mitchell, the scientist researched.	Mitchell	the scientist
Clark, the professor taught.	Clark	the professor
Knight, the student studied.	Knight	the student
Thompson, the doctor treated.	Thompson	the doctor
Richardson, the nurse cared for.	Richardson	the nurse
Zeller, the therapist counseled.	Zeller	the therapist
Ingram, the patient consulted.	Ingram	the patient
Knight, the therapist counseled.	Knight	the therapist
Hughes, the patient consulted.	Hughes	the patient
Underhill, the client consulted.	Underhill	the client
Perez, the attorney represented.	Perez	the attorney
Peterson, the defendant defended.	Peterson	the defendant
Brooks, the judge judged.	Brooks	the judge
Grant, the witness testified for.	Grant	the witness
Lawson, the researcher researched.	Lawson	the researcher
Moore, the participant participated for.	Moore	the participant
Collins, the volunteer volunteered for.	Collins	the volunteer
Walker, the donor donated to.	Walker	the donor
