the student, the student's guest helped.	the student	the student
the artist, the artist's collection painted.	the artist	the artist
the chef, the chef's project cooked.	the chef	the chef
the dancer, the dancer's protégé impressed.	the dancer	the dancer
the writer, the writer's client inspired.	the writer	the writer
the athlete, the athlete's manuscript trained.	the athlete	the athlete
the musician, the musician's photoshoot composed.	the musician	the musician
the doctor, the doctor's followers treated.	the doctor	the doctor
the scientist, the scientist's beat discovered.	the scientist	the scientist
the driver, the driver's team drove.	the driver	the driver
the teacher, the teacher's space educated.	the teacher	the teacher
the gardener, the gardener's portfolio planted.	the gardener	the gardener
the engineer, the engineer's client designed.	the engineer	the engineer
the actor, the actor's outfit performed.	the actor	the actor
the photographer, the photographer's funds captured.	the photographer	the photographer
the librarian, the librarian's till organized.	the librarian	the librarian
the banker, the banker's customer invested.	the banker	the banker
the tailor, the tailor's film sewed.	the tailor	the tailor
the pilot, the pilot's peer flew.	the pilot	the pilot
the lawyer, the lawyer's self-portrait defended.	the lawyer	the lawyer
the architect, the architect's own designed.	the architect	the architect
the chef, the chef's audience cooked.	the chef	the chef
the nurse, the nurse's readers cared for.	the nurse	the nurse
the farmer, the farmer's partner harvested.	the farmer	the farmer
the plumber, the plumber's symphony fixed.	the plumber	the plumber
the cashier, the cashier's patient counted.	the cashier	the cashier
the painter, the painter's breakthrough painted.	the painter	the painter
the therapist, the therapist's vehicle counseled.	the therapist	the therapist
the singer, the singer's students sang to.	the singer	the singer
the firefighter, the firefighter's flowers rescued.	the firefighter	the firefighter
the fisherman, the fisherman's structure caught.	the fisherman	the fisherman
the bartender, the bartender's role served.	the bartender	the bartender
the waiter, the waiter's moment served.	the waiter	the waiter
the cashier, the cashier's collection counted.	the cashier	the cashier
the receptionist, the receptionist's funds greeted.	the receptionist	the receptionist
the athlete, the athlete's garment trained.	the athlete	the athlete
the journalist, the journalist's aircraft reported on.	the journalist	the journalist
the soldier, the soldier's client fought.	the soldier	the soldier
the scientist, the scientist's blueprint researched.	the scientist	the scientist
the musician, the musician's dish played for.	the musician	the musician
the dancer, the dancer's patient danced for.	the dancer	the dancer
the explorer, the explorer's crops discovered.	the explorer	the explorer
the manager, the manager's pipes managed.	the manager	the manager
the coach, the coach's money trained.	the coach	the coach
the cleaner, the cleaner's canvas cleaned.	the cleaner	the cleaner
the politician, the politician's patient campaigned for.	the politician	the politician
the driver, the driver's audience drove.	the driver	the driver
the gamer, the gamer's comrade played against.	the gamer	the gamer
the analyst, the analyst's fish analyzed.	the analyst	the analyst
the CEO, the CEO's drink led.	the CEO	the CEO
the receptionist, the receptionist's table greeted.	the receptionist	the receptionist
the librarian, the librarian's change organized.	the librarian	the librarian
the programmer, the programmer's visitor coded for.	the programmer	the programmer
the mentor, the mentor's teammate mentored.	the mentor	the mentor
the consultant, the consultant's story advised.	the consultant	the consultant
the editor, the editor's enemy edited.	the editor	the editor
the model, the model's topic posed for.	the model	the model
the influencer, the influencer's fans influenced.	the influencer	the influencer
the officer, the officer's troupe patrolled.	the officer	the officer
the coach, the coach's path coached.	the coach	the coach
the cleaner, the cleaner's team cleaned.	the cleaner	the cleaner
the artist, the artist's players created for.	the artist	the artist
the designer, the designer's space designed for.	the designer	the designer
the stylist, the stylist's election styled.	the stylist	the stylist
the banker, the banker's route invested.	the banker	the banker
the cashier, the cashier's opponent counted.	the cashier	the cashier
the clerk, the clerk's data assisted.	the clerk	the clerk
the director, the director's company directed.	the director	the director
the producer, the producer's show produced for.	the producer	the producer
the writer, the writer's publication wrote for.	the writer	the writer
the journalist, the journalist's story reported on.	the journalist	the journalist
the critic, the critic's review critiqued.	the critic	the critic
the developer, the developer's application developed for.	the developer	the developer
the entrepreneur, the entrepreneur's startup founded.	the entrepreneur	the entrepreneur
the host, the host's event hosted.	the host	the host
the CEO, the CEO's company led.	the CEO	the CEO
the manager, the manager's department managed.	the manager	the manager
the salesperson, the salesperson's customer sold to.	the salesperson	the salesperson
the marketer, the marketer's campaign marketed for.	the marketer	the marketer
the intern, the intern's supervisor interned for.	the intern	the intern
the analyst, the analyst's data analyzed.	the analyst	the analyst
the researcher, the researcher's topic researched.	the researcher	the researcher
the scientist, the scientist's experiment researched.	the scientist	the scientist
the professor, the professor's class taught.	the professor	the professor
the student, the student's subject studied.	the student	the student
the doctor, the doctor's patient treated.	the doctor	the doctor
the nurse, the nurse's patient cared for.	the nurse	the nurse
the therapist, the therapist's client counseled.	the therapist	the therapist
the patient, the patient's doctor consulted.	the patient	the patient
the therapist, the therapist's client counseled.	the therapist	the therapist
the patient, the patient's doctor consulted.	the patient	the patient
the client, the client's advisor consulted.	the client	the client
the attorney, the attorney's client represented.	the attorney	the attorney
the defendant, the defendant's case defended.	the defendant	the defendant
the judge, the judge's trial judged.	the judge	the judge
the witness, the witness's case testified for.	the witness	the witness
the researcher, the researcher's hypothesis researched.	the researcher	the researcher
the participant, the participant's study participated for.	the participant	the participant
the volunteer, the volunteer's cause volunteered for.	the volunteer	the volunteer
the donor, the donor's charity donated to.	the donor	the donor
