some student, the student's guest helped.	some student	the student
some artist, the artist's collection painted.	some artist	the artist
some chef, the chef's project cooked.	some chef	the chef
some dancer, the dancer's protégé impressed.	some dancer	the dancer
some writer, the writer's client inspired.	some writer	the writer
some athlete, the athlete's manuscript trained.	some athlete	the athlete
some musician, the musician's photoshoot composed.	some musician	the musician
some doctor, the doctor's followers treated.	some doctor	the doctor
some scientist, the scientist's beat discovered.	some scientist	the scientist
some driver, the driver's team drove.	some driver	the driver
some teacher, the teacher's space educated.	some teacher	the teacher
some gardener, the gardener's portfolio planted.	some gardener	the gardener
some engineer, the engineer's client designed.	some engineer	the engineer
some actor, the actor's outfit performed.	some actor	the actor
some photographer, the photographer's funds captured.	some photographer	the photographer
some librarian, the librarian's till organized.	some librarian	the librarian
some banker, the banker's customer invested.	some banker	the banker
some tailor, the tailor's film sewed.	some tailor	the tailor
some pilot, the pilot's peer flew.	some pilot	the pilot
some lawyer, the lawyer's self-portrait defended.	some lawyer	the lawyer
some architect, the architect's own designed.	some architect	the architect
some chef, the chef's audience cooked.	some chef	the chef
some nurse, the nurse's readers cared for.	some nurse	the nurse
some farmer, the farmer's partner harvested.	some farmer	the farmer
some plumber, the plumber's symphony fixed.	some plumber	the plumber
some cashier, the cashier's patient counted.	some cashier	the cashier
some painter, the painter's breakthrough painted.	some painter	the painter
some therapist, the therapist's vehicle counseled.	some therapist	the therapist
some singer, the singer's students sang to.	some singer	the singer
some firefighter, the firefighter's flowers rescued.	some firefighter	the firefighter
some fisherman, the fisherman's structure caught.	some fisherman	the fisherman
some bartender, the bartender's role served.	some bartender	the bartender
some waiter, the waiter's moment served.	some waiter	the waiter
some cashier, the cashier's collection counted.	some cashier	the cashier
some receptionist, the receptionist's funds greeted.	some receptionist	the receptionist
some athlete, the athlete's garment trained.	some athlete	the athlete
some journalist, the journalist's aircraft reported on.	some journalist	the journalist
some soldier, the soldier's client fought.	some soldier	the soldier
some scientist, the scientist's blueprint researched.	some scientist	the scientist
some musician, the musician's dish played for.	some musician	the musician
some dancer, the dancer's patient danced for.	some dancer	the dancer
some explorer, the explorer's crops discovered.	some explorer	the explorer
some manager, the manager's pipes managed.	some manager	the manager
some coach, the coach's money trained.	some coach	the coach
some cleaner, the cleaner's canvas cleaned.	some cleaner	the cleaner
some politician, the politician's patient campaigned for.	some politician	the politician
some driver, the driver's audience drove.	some driver	the driver
some gamer, the gamer's comrade played against.	some gamer	the gamer
some analyst, the analyst's fish analyzed.	some analyst	the analyst
some CEO, the CEO's drink led.	some CEO	the CEO
some receptionist, the receptionist's table greeted.	some receptionist	the receptionist
some librarian, the librarian's change organized.	some librarian	the librarian
some programmer, the programmer's visitor coded for.	some programmer	the programmer
some mentor, the mentor's teammate mentored.	some mentor	the mentor
some consultant, the consultant's story advised.	some consultant	the consultant
some editor, the editor's enemy edited.	some editor	the editor
some model, the model's topic posed for.	some model	the model
some influencer, the influencer's fans influenced.	some influencer	the influencer
some officer, the officer's troupe patrolled.	some officer	the officer
some coach, the coach's path coached.	some coach	the coach
some cleaner, the cleaner's team cleaned.	some cleaner	the cleaner
some artist, the artist's players created for.	some artist	the artist
some designer, the designer's space designed for.	some designer	the designer
some stylist, the stylist's election styled.	some stylist	the stylist
some banker, the banker's route invested.	some banker	the banker
some cashier, the cashier's opponent counted.	some cashier	the cashier
some clerk, the clerk's data assisted.	some clerk	the clerk
some director, the director's company directed.	some director	the director
some producer, the producer's show produced for.	some producer	the producer
some writer, the writer's publication wrote for.	some writer	the writer
some journalist, the journalist's story reported on.	some journalist	the journalist
some critic, the critic's review critiqued.	some critic	the critic
some developer, the developer's application developed for.	some developer	the developer
some entrepreneur, the entrepreneur's startup founded.	some entrepreneur	the entrepreneur
some host, the host's event hosted.	some host	the host
some CEO, the CEO's company led.	some CEO	the CEO
some manager, the manager's department managed.	some manager	the manager
some salesperson, the salesperson's customer sold to.	some salesperson	the salesperson
some marketer, the marketer's campaign marketed for.	some marketer	the marketer
some intern, the intern's supervisor interned for.	some intern	the intern
some analyst, the analyst's data analyzed.	some analyst	the analyst
some researcher, the researcher's topic researched.	some researcher	the researcher
some scientist, the scientist's experiment researched.	some scientist	the scientist
some professor, the professor's class taught.	some professor	the professor
some student, the student's subject studied.	some student	the student
some doctor, the doctor's patient treated.	some doctor	the doctor
some nurse, the nurse's patient cared for.	some nurse	the nurse
some therapist, the therapist's client counseled.	some therapist	the therapist
some patient, the patient's doctor consulted.	some patient	the patient
some therapist, the therapist's client counseled.	some therapist	the therapist
some patient, the patient's doctor consulted.	some patient	the patient
some client, the client's advisor consulted.	some client	the client
some attorney, the attorney's client represented.	some attorney	the attorney
some defendant, the defendant's case defended.	some defendant	the defendant
some judge, the judge's trial judged.	some judge	the judge
some witness, the witness's case testified for.	some witness	the witness
some researcher, the researcher's hypothesis researched.	some researcher	the researcher
some participant, the participant's study participated for.	some participant	the participant
some volunteer, the volunteer's cause volunteered for.	some volunteer	the volunteer
some donor, the donor's charity donated to.	some donor	the donor
